What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe?
What is the tallest building in Japan?
What do most tourists visit in Reims?
which is the most expensive city in the world?
What's the capital of Taiwan?
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi?
What country's royal house is Bourbon-Parma?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B?
What's the second-largest island in the world?
What is the oldest website on the Internet?
How much does sea level rise if all of the world's ice melts?
Eygpt is located on what continent?
Where did Woodstock take place?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal?
Where are zebras most likely found?
What country's people are the top television watchers?
Where is Guam?
What Great Lake is named after a state?
What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas?
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of?
What state is the Filenes store located in?
Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie?
What U.S. state has an element named for it?
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2?
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States?
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med?
What bay divides Maryland's Eastern and Western Shores?
What was the tallest building in America in 1922?
Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live?
In what ocean is Australia located?
What Georgia town did Scarlett O'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people?
On which cont is the North Pole?
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199?
What is the habitat of the chickadee?
which is the busiest city is the world?
What is the name of the largest city in Chile, South America?
What city's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross, on May 27, 1937?
What is a notable location in your town?
The Orange Bowl is in what city?
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard?
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline?
Which cont has never had a typhoon or tornado?
Where can I find information about Bob Barr, representative from Georgia?
What's the oldest capital city in the Americas?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa?
Where is Hearst Castle, built by publisher William Randolph Hearst?
Where did Bill Gates go to college?
What is worth seeing in Reims?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands?
What sun-blasted, 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert?
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek?
How much do you know about the world's threatened oceans?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears?
What is the oldest website on the Internet?
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections?
What are the world's three largest oceans, in order of size?
Where do the adventures of "The Swiss Family Robinson" take place?
What is the capital of Antigua?
What's the fifth-largest country in the world?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page?
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania?
Brazil is a part of what cont?
What retail store did you last shop at?
Where is Melbourne?
What nationality is Pope John Paul II?
India is located on what cont?
What are the causes of local sea level change?
What colorful sea's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near?
What are all the southern states of the United States?
What place would you recommend for good iced tea and a large salad?
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis?
What is the address of the famous Mexican star "Thalia"?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis?
What were the cities of Dickens's A Tale of Two Cities?
What former royal palace has served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leper colony, mint, telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum?
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World?
Where can I get mailing lists?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect?
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare?
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro?
What prison is found in Ossining, New York?
Where does tuberculosis come from?
Which is the deepest sea in the world?
What African capital is named for a U.S. president?
What are the causes of current global sea level rise?
Where do lobsters like to live?
What countries have the largest areas of forest?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located?
What country's capital is Lagos?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema?
Where is the world's most active volcano located?
Where is the World’s first Virtual shopping store opened?
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in?
Which cont is Israel on?
Which Latin American country is the largest?
What is the location of McCarren Airport?
What square is the geographical center of London?
What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range?
What country's national passenger rail system is called Via?
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long?
Where is the Eiffel Tower located?
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988?
Where was George Washington born?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page?
Where is the Prado Museum?
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives?
What's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth?
Name the famous flower park in the world?
What was Einstein's birthplace?
Where are all European and American eels born?
What is the capital of Barbados?
On which cont is the deepest point on land?
What two countries is Andorra nestled between?
Where do quality drinks begin?
Where's the Petrified Forest?
What are the world's four oceans?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont?
What is the highest peak in Africa?
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls?
what country has the greatest number of parks?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near?
What city was President William McKinley shot in?
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians?
What country's flag is field green?
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie?
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay?
Where is the Rose Bowl played?
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble?
Where did the name Daniel originate?
What's the most powerful country in the world?
Which one of the following rivers originates near Mahabaleshwar?
What is the longest river in the United States?
What country has the largest sheep population?
What nation boarders Mozambique?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state?
Which two lakes form frontiers of Switzerland?
What was the first country to put a second woman in space?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for "yellow"?
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ's brothers and sisters?
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia, Iraq and the Persian Gulf?
What are the Nordic nations?
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area?
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso?
What's the most common street name in America?
What's the oldest building in your town?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873?
What's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940's?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln?
What is the capital of Italy?
What country did the Allies invade in World War II's Operation Avalanche?
What direction do the best surfing beaches face?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US?
What river is Windsor Castle on?
What are the seven seas?
What city is the setting for Puccini's opera La Boheme?
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices?
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in?
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers?
Where is the Orange Bowl?
What is Britain's possession on the Chinese mainland?
Where are the Union Stockyards?
What state capital comes last alphabetically?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million?
In what city is the famed St. Mark's Square?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific?
What is the most useful site on the Internet?
What European capital celebrated its 2000th anniversary in 1951?
What state in the United States covers the largest area?
Where did the real St. Nicholas live?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent?
Where is Romania located?
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning "Lord of the East"?
What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in?
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World?
Which is the world's warmest sea?
Where is Trinidad?
Where does the song Anything Goes take place?
What are the Benelux countries?
What is the oldest building in the United States?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill?
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops?
Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet?
Antartica is located on what cont?
What is the richest state in the U.S.?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991?
Where did Luther display his "Ninety-Five Theses"?
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world?
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip?
Where was the first restaurant?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song "Getting Married Today 'from the musical"Company"?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world?
Where's the 19th hole on a golf course?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847?
What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in?
What are some mythology websites?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers?
Where is there information on the novel "El Cid"?
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi?
Where are the apartments in Saint John, New Brunswick?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock?
Where is "Global Schoolhouse"?
Where do you go to get the best steak?
What are the three most populated countries in the world?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located?
What's the farthest planet from the sun?
Where can one find information on religion and health, the brain and nutrition?
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain, the world's largest mass of exposed granite?
What country has the port of Haifa?
What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K, O, O, T and Y?
Where can you find apartment furnishings?
Which is the largest amusement park in the world?
What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population?
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language?
Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information, preferably along North America and the Caribbean?
Where can I find a tape or book to help me say, write and understand Japanese?
Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end?
What are the biggest Indian airports?
What are the largest breweries in the world?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly?
What is the capital of California?
What is the body of water bordering Egypt?
Where is the largest dam in the world?
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?
which is the largest city in the world?
What is Australia considered to be?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum?
What country boasts the most dams?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place?
Where is Kings Canyon?
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent, manned space station?
In what part of the world is Mozambique?
Where did surfing originate?
Where can I buy a picture of the last showing of the Rocky Horror Show?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum?
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs?
What is the highest continent?
Where is Sinn Fein's headquarters?
Name the highest mountain.
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941?
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill?
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon?
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice?
What is the oldest website on the Internet?
Where can I find a list of "classic" books 5th and 6th graders should read?
What country is the world's largest importer of cognac?
Where can I find the status of my tax return?
What continent is Bolivia on?
Where is Erykah Badu originally from?
What's the only East european country not tied to the ruble?
Which store has a superstore?
Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up?
Where is Dartmouth College?
What two countries in South America are landlocked?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place?
Where was Poe born?
Where is Natchitoches, Louisiana?
Where is Mile High Stadium?
What do the town council spend money to build?
Where are the busiest ports in the world?
Name one of the amusement park in Hong Kong?
What sound does Olympia, Washington, overlook?
What is the largest city in Germany?
What river runs through Liverpool?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island?
What city's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties?
What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola?
What country borders Denmark to the south?
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII?
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude?
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights?
What is the largest city in the world?
which country in the world gets the heaviest rain fall?
What is the largest ocean on the planet?
Where do you grocery shop?
Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur?
What town was the setting for The Music Man?
What country, after Canada and Mexico, is closest to the U.S.?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in?
What country borders the most others?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent?
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978?
What country has the most time zones, with 11?
What state produces the best lobster to eat?
What cont is Italy part of?
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S.?
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in?
What city is considered The Big Apple?
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield?
Where can you find the new application CD?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou?
On what continent is Mozambique?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice?
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value?
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea?
Where can stocks be traded on-line?
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass?
What U.S. state has the most blondes?
What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci, Michaelangelo, and Machiavelli all working in?
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport?
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5?
What is the address for the main government office in Rome, Italy?
What country's capital is Tirana?
On what avenue is the original Saks department store located?
What states do not have state income tax?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar?
Where is Tufts University?
What is the largest office block in the world?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world?
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors?
What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh?
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific?
Which country is known as "Big Bear"?
Which country is known as the Land of the White Elephant?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
Where did he get the title?
What is the capital of Texas?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million?
What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, Prussian born explorer, go to school?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page?
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas?
What country is home to Heineken beer?
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles?
What ocean is the largest in the world?
What do tourists visit first in your town?
Where is Qatar?
What country comes last in an alphabetical list?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with Los Angeles?
What lake is the source of the White Nile?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics?
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see?
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum?
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II?
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices?
What is the largest lake in North America?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee?
What South American city has the world's highest commercial landing field?
What is the country of origin for the name Thomas?
What ocean does Mauritania border?
What city is sometimes called Gotham?
Where is the highest point in Japan?
What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest?
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held?
What state is Mount McKinley in?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world?
What London street claims to be the world center for men's tailoring?
What celestial body has a diameter of 864, 000 miles?
Where does Mother Angelica live?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle?
What cont is closest to New Zealand?
Which country in the world is the coolest in winter?
Where did George of the Jungle live?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located?
On which cont are the islands of the Caribbean?
In which city is the Golden Gate Bridge located?
Which rest has the never ending pasta bowl?
Where would you go to see the Mona Lisa?
what are the name of main cont on the earth?
Which country in the world gets the heaviest snowfall?
Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta?
What country are Godiva chocolates from?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy?
What is the capital of California?
What city did the Flintstones live in?
In what ocean is Hawaii located?
which states fifth Software Technology Park is being developed for north-eastern states?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags?
Which city is called the Art city?
Where is the best place to get pet food?
What famed wall supports the Badaling turret?
Canada, the United States and Mexico are all located on what cont?
What state is known as the Hawkeye State?
Granite City, the Grey City and the Silver City with the Golden Sands is the name of which city?
Where's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel?
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president?
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from?
What lake is Sheboygan on?
What country did the Nile River originate in?
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world?
What is the cheapest place to get a car model?
What are the largest deserts in the world?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi?
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain?
What river flows past the Temple of Karnak?
What Asian city boasts the world's biggest bowling alley?
What is the website for the USA journal?
Where are the Haversian canals?
Where can I find free piano scores for popular music?
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia?
Where are good science sites on the Internet?
What continent's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label?
Where is McCarren Airport located?
Where is Logan Airport?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii?
What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd?
What building are British monarchs crowned in?
What Japanese city was once called Edo?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in?
What is Mark McGwire's e-mail address?
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe?
What is the greatest hiking Web site?
Where did the Mayan Indians live?
Which country did Hitler rule?
Where did Ty Cobb grow up?
Which was the last rest you visited?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde?
Where are diamonds mined?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to?
Where was the first zoo in the U.S.?
What momument has presidents' faces carved into a mountain?
Where is one's corpus callosum found?
Kosovo is a province of what country?
What store offers the lowest prices?
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college?
Where is Rider College located?
What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath?
Where was George Washington born?
Where was the Cisalpine Republic, 1797-185,?
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1, CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP.
Where is Rider College?
Where would I go to watch killer whales perform?
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower?
Where does dew come from?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims?
Where is Poe's birthplace?
Where can you learn about local history?
What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based?
What country is Kosovo a part of?
Where is your corpus callosum?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux?
Where is the Eifel Tower located?
Where is the actress, Marion Davies, buried?
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in?
which is the most beautiful city in the world?
What is the oldest city in Dicken's 'A Tale of Two Cities'?
What's the second-highest mountain in the world?
What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait?
Where was helium first discovered, hence its name?
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled?
What city is graced by the Arch of Titus?
What's the longest river in Canada?
Where did the Inuits live?
What nationality is Gorbachev?
What cont is Lanzarote in?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks?
What is Drew Barrymore's email address?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words?
What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street, New York City?
What is your favorite store to shop in?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found?
Where can I find a person's address from a telephone number?
Where did you buy the Apple iPhone?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park?
What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer?
Where can one find Rider College?
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies?
Where can I find scientific data, "research papers," on textile engineering?
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein?
Who carries the new edition of this case?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world?
Which country is the largest country in Latin America?
What is the largest museum in the world?
What body of water does the Yukon River empty into?
Where do you live?
What river runs through Liverpool?
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where?
When Superman needs to get away from it all, where does he go?
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox?
What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S.?
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs?
What city is Logan Airport in?
What is the capital of Seattle?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world?
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November, 1980, with the loss of 84 lives?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system?
7 cont of the world?
What is the most important nation in the world, historically?
Where is Time Square located?
Where is the official "zero" of the sea level?
Name the country which Honecker lived in.
What place carries good blackberry pie?
What body of water is Italy located in?
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum?
Where is the Taj Mahal?
What state is Niagara Falls located in?
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia?
Where can I find book reviews of "Turbulent Souls"?
Where did alternative music orginate?
What store do you buy clothes from?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands?
What California bay's largest island is Angel Island?
Where are there aborigines?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $ 200?
What famed river flows through Bagdad?
What do we call Walmart?
What desert has the highest sand dunes?
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves?
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi?
Which gets the frequent rain showers in a year US or UK?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter?
What city does Orly Airport serve?
Where can I get good consumer products?
What city is served by McCarren Airport?
Which is the Capital of Bahamas?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations?
Where is Mozambique located?
What country is the largest diamond producer?
Which continent has the most roses?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to?
Where is Natick?
Where are the good sales?
What country lies directly south of Detroit?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims?
Which is the smallest ocean in the world?
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny "Rubber Man" Walker?
What city in the Pacific Northwest is known for its coffee?
What London street is the home of British journalism?
What river flows through Vienna, Budapest and Belgrade?
What is the capital of Kosovo?
What is the most populated city in the world?
Where did you get this beautiful iPad?
Which city is known as White City?
Which is the largest fresh water in the lake?
What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in?
What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad?
What's a good place to spend a rainy Saturday?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport?
What is the world's highest peak?
What's the sacred river of India?
Where is the largest post office building in the world?
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site?
What country is famous for Persian rugs?
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in?
What is the capital of Uruguay?
What's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos?
Where was Christopher Columbus born?
What country did King Wenceslas rule?
What sea is Bombay on?
In what country is Lund?
What nationality is a Sicilian?
Where is the Keck telescope?
Where is South Bend?
What state does Charles Robb represent?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in?
Where are the 49 steps?
What store does Martha Stewart do commericals for?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert?
Where was Pythagoras born?
Which is the biggest toy shop in USA?
What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park?
where is the Prado Museum located?
What city is served by Logan International Airport?
What are some good fractal web sites?
What is the best place to live in the world, considering climate, civilization?
What are Britain's two longest rivers?
Which city is the city that never sleeps?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world?
Where was Tesla born?
What U.S. state's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn?
On which cont is the South Pole?
India is connected to which sea?
Where did Dylan Thomas die?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country?
What is California's capital?
Which country in the world is hottest of all?
What is the largest city in Connecticut?
What cont is Nigeria located in?
What's the home of the Rockettes?
What fun part of your town have you never visited?
What's the tallest building in New York City?
which is the deadliest sea in the world?
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in?
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet?
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile?
Which rest is most family friendly?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse?
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps?
Where can I buy premium apparel?
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line?
Name a civil war battlefield.
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan?
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976?
What province is Edmonton located in?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis?
What bay sparkles next to Miami, Florida?
What is Answers.com's address?
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism?
What ocean did the Titanic sink in?
What are the eight major land masses on the Earth's surface called?
What four conts do not touch the equator?
Where did King Francis I hang the "Mona Lisa" when he owned it?
Where is the Isle of Man?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into?
What city contains the district of Hell's Kitchen?
Where is McCarren Airport?
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier?
Where can I find information on George Bush?
What city boasts Penn's Landing, on the banks of the Delaware river?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country?
Where is your father working?
Where is Microsoft's corporate headquarters located?
What country will hit the year 2 first?
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from?
France is located on what cont?
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass?
What two countries fought the Hundred Years 'War?
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory?
What's the capital of Iowa?
What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States?
Where can I find a Darden rest near me?
What river runs through Colorado, Kansas, and Oklahoma?
What is your favorite discount store?
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania?
What country's northernmost city is Darwin?
Where can I get some good  German pancakes and eggs?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located?
What two countries 'coastlines border the Bay of Biscay?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting?
What country boasts Cawdor Castle, Glamis Castle, and Blair Castle?
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward?
Where can I go to get some good calamari?
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting?
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten?
Where would I go to visit Epcot Center?
What countries have the most auto thefts?
Which is the Capital of Romania?
Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language?
What state did Helen Keller call home?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites?
Which is the largest ocean in the world?
What is the location of Edinburgh, Scotland?
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies?
What part of Britain comprises the Highlands, Central Lowlands, and Southern Uplands?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa?
What country in Latin America is the largest one?
Where is Webster University?
What country contains the westernmost point in South America?
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball?
Where is Burma?
Which is the largest zoo in the world?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe?
Where is Harvard located?
What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama?
Which is the largest park in the world?
Where was Lincoln assassinated?
On which cont is Egypt?
Which city is known as City of the Golden Gate?
What European country boasts the city of Furth, found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge?
Which Great Lake borders Pennsylvania?
Where is Glasgow?
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases?
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays?
What United States city produces the most oil?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online?
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S.?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline?
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of?
Where did the Maya people live?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world?
Where can I find information on becoming a journalist?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics?
What country was Kim Philby really working for?
Which rest offers two meals for $20?
What South American capital is the world's highest?
What's the capital of Monaco?
What's the largest island in the West Indies?
What island is home to statues called Mauis?
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in?
What is the smallest country in Africa?
What gate opened on East and West Berlin?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the "Flintstones" cartoon series?
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World?
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered?
What is New England's highest mountain?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated?
What does the River Seine empty into?
Where is the Orinoco?
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu?
In what county is Eckley Colorado?
On which cont is Turkey?
How many conts make up the Eastern Hemisphere?
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy?
Where is Ocho Rios?
What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list?
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia, Arcadia, and Amazonis?
On what river is Rome built?
Where is the Mayo Clinic?
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people?
What cont is Sweden and Finland in?
What is the principal river of Ireland?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate?
Where is the group M People from?
Which rest would you celebrate an important event at?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor?
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands?
Where would visit to attend the Grand Ole Opry?
What continent's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc?
What European country's monarchy was restored in 1975?
Where could I find a good box for these decorations?
Which store price club do you like most?
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives?
What attracts tourists to Reims?
Where is the Valley of the Kings?
Where do hyenas live?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris?
Where is Basque country located?
What Australian city became the home of the America's Cup?
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought?
In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl?
Where did makeup originate?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross, on May 27, 1937?
What's the world's largest cathedral?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia?
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared?
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America's eastward and westward-flowing rivers?
What city or state do the most gay men live in?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall?
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of?
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27?
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship, Lane Victory, which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum?
Where did the ukulele originate?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of?
Which is your favorite rest?
What U.S. state ends with a G?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world?
What city does McCarren Airport serve?
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains?
Where is Amsterdam?
What country did the Romans call Hibernia?
Where is the Golden Gate Bridge located?
What island was the target of the U.S.'s Operation Urgent Fury?
What's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind?
Name the five great lakes?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions?
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria?
What is the capital of Spain?
Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney, Australia?
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from?
What state's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows?
What country buys 25 percent of the world's tea exports?
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco?
Where was the Ligurian Republic, 1797-185,?
What is the longest place name in the U.S.?
Where did the Iron Chef work?
What country has the most coastline?
Where was chop suey invented?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently?
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes, SIC,?
What country boasts Ismail's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi?
Where can I find a "Fifth Element" screensaver?
Where is Tornado Alley?
Where is the oldest living thing on earth?
What state does Martha Stewart live in?
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica?
Where can you walk your dog?
What city's airport is named Logan International?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker?
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge?
Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held?
What's the nearest star to Earth?
What is the capital of Canada?
Where did the world come from?
Star Tours is located in what amusement park?
What's the world's longest suspension bridge?
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers?
Where does Ray Bradbury's Chronicles take place?
What state was named the Green Mountain state?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality?
What country has the highest arson rate?
If I wanted to walk out on the Skywalk and view the Colorado River what national park should I visit?
What city in Florida is Sea World in?
In what city is Hollywood located?
McCarren Airport is located in what city?
Which is the most famous park in the world?
What city is found in the city of OZ?
Cholchester Zoo is in which country?
Which is the Capital of Georgia?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998?
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war, against the Turks in Libya?
Which is the biggest toy shop in UK?
What was the last rest you ate at?
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952?
What are the largest libraries in the US?
Where can one find Mozambique?
Where is the Virtual Desk Reference?
Where is Windsor Castle?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on?
What is the biggest delta in the world?
Which is the shop in UK where you can get the finest toys?
what country has the greatest number of museum?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers?
Where is Santa Lucia?
Which Great Lake borders Ohio?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British?
What are tourist attractions in Reims?
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname?
Where did bocci originate?
What are some good medical sites for information?
Who sells good stationary?
What are the five richest countries in the world?
What's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes?
What river is Pocahontas buried along?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines?
What country claimed Rubens, Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum?
What is Bill Gross's email address?
Where can you find Mickey Mouse?
What is George Lucas's e-mail address?
What countries have the highest ratio of university students?
What country contains the highest point in South America?
Name the Sculpture Parks of the United States?
Which national park has a famous gyser located in it?
What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989?
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span?
Where's the GUM department store?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S.?
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War, 1642-1649,?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north?
What three European countries begin with the letter A?
What planet gave bith to Superman?
What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948?
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters?
What is the tallest mountain?
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak?
What island group contains Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Herm?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand?
What country contains Africa's northernmost point?
Where was "I have fallen, and I can't get up" said first?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in?
What country's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged?
What's the longest river in the world?
Where did Honecker rule?
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195?
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes?
On which cont is Greenland?
Disneyland Park is located in which state of USA?
Which amusement park has the largest roller coaster?
What are all the rivers in Europe?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for?
Where's Montenegro?
Where is Los Vegas?
Which is the shallowest sea in the world?
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean?
China is located on what cont?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world?
What's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis?
On what river is Strasbourg built?
Which country is Australia's largest export market?
Where is Belize located?
What county is Chicago in?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland?
Where is the Loop?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk?
What is the capital of Congo?
What country covers 8, 600, 387 square miles?
What country surrounds San Marino, the world's smallest Republic?
Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah?
What is the best online games site?
What city do the 49ers play in?
Where is the Danube?
What is Stefan Edberg's native country?
What city has the world's longest subway system?
Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in "Gulliver's Travels."
What city is known as the Big Apple?
On which cont is New Zealand?
Where is Inoco based?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate?
Which of these establishments features Italian Cuisine?
What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into?
What European city do Nicois live in?
Which city is the windy city?
In Sinclair Lewis' 'Main Street,' what was the name of the typical American town?
What volcano showers ash on Sicily?
Where does chocolate come from?
What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese?
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics?
What is a good rendezvous point to meet a blind date?
Where would you find the home of Elvis Presley?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S.?
What are all the southern states of the U.S.?
What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands?
What two states is Washington D.C. between?
Which is the longest river in the world?
What is the largest city in Texas?
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander?
What country was Hitler the chancellor of?
What U.S. state lived under six flags?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in?
What country is Mount Everest in?
Where did guinea pigs originate?
Name the largest country in South America.
What is the body of water separating California and Japan?
What country owns Corsica?
Where in the United States do people live the longest?
If I wanted to ride the Matterhorn where would I go?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on?
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size?
What state has the most Indians?
Where is the Kalahari desert?
Where is the biggest bell?
In which Indian state is the Keibul Lamjao, the world's only floating National Park, situated?
What city was devastated by hurricane Katrina?
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations?
What Scandinavian country covers 173, 732 square miles?
What was known as the Spice Island?
What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland?
Where do you find the answers for all these questions?
What's a free way to enjoy your town?
What populous state covers 49, 576 square miles?
What planet did Percival Lovell discover?
What is a country that starts with the letter x?
What countries have the best math students?
What store did you buy your last computer from?
In what state was the first co-educational college established
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra's Needle?
Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S.?
What country has problems with hooligans?
What is website of the International Court of Justice?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise?
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs?
What lake borders Illinois?
What city is KDGE Radio located in?
Name an art gallery in New York.
Where would you go to get the best shrimp?
Which was the first tubular steel roller coaster in the world when it opened in 1959 in Disneyland?
Where can get electronic goods?
What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims?
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park?
What U.S. city's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch?
What is your favorite French rest?
Where is Ayer's rock?
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now?
The United States is located on what cont?
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in?
which sea in the world gets the highest number of tides?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address?
What countries earn the most from tourism?
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth?
How does one correctly pronounce "qigong"?
Where does "bovine" come from?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean?
How do I contact Answers.com direct?
How do you pronounce "Tzimisce"?
What is the history of "the toast"?
How does color affect a person psychologically?
What is Bombay duck?
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain?
What does "extended definition" mean and how would one write a paper on it?
What are geckos?
What caused Harry Houdini's death?
How did the 7th inning stretch get started?
What is the origin of the city "Corpus Christi"?
How was the ACLU formed?
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction?
What is the origin of "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder"?
How do I know how much money to save for retirement?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for?
What steps should I take to lose weight?
What is a hyperlink?
What is "Last Chance for Animals"?
How do I contact answers.com?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file?
What is the nature of learning?
What is a wet dream?
How does a rainbow form?
How did Bob Marley die?
What is hyperopia?
What is being done about the millennium bug?
How do you measure the heat of the sun?
What is the difference between college and graduate school?
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon?
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant?
What is a biologist?
How can I get someone's email address?
What is a pyrotechnic display?
How is saline used in medicine?
What exactly is radiation?
What caused the Titanic to sink?
What's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall?
What is the purpose of a car bra?
What's distinctive about a palmiped's feet?
What is the meaning of "CPR"?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date?
What was The Living Room War?
What are hook worms?
India has what kind of climatic conditions all over the year?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions?
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food?
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons?
What is Shalom?
What is the "Global Economy"?
What is Zionism?
What is fellatio?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world?
What is Jane Goodall known for?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun?
What is the history of Spartacus, the Roman slave and gladiator?
What are the benefits of a rowing machine?
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence "Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country"?
How does lightning travel?
What's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta?
Where do chihuahuas come from?
How do you do a bibliography page?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference?
What is the Home Rule Act?
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley?
What is Black Hills, South Dakota most famous for?
What is endometriosis?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16?
What makes a clitoris sensitive?
What questions i can ask to a rest manager?
What is the difference between optical and digital video?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you?
What is amezaiku?
What is a courier?
What exactly, specifically does sleep do for you?
What is the origin of the term "blue moon," and how often do they occur?
What is the definition of a cascade?
What's the last line of Dickens's A Christmas Carol?
What is gymnophobia?
What is habeas corpus?
How do I find info about rice importers in the world?
How does the text reflect or mask such factors as the class, race, gender, ethnicity, or regional background of its creator/narrator?
What is "snoogans"?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink?
What is typhoid fever?
What do Mormons believe?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly?
What is a cullion?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster?
What does the name "Sheri" mean?
What are the Poconos?
What is a person's socioeconomic position?
How can I get started in writing for television?
What do insects do through their spiracles?
What does laser stand for?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo?
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean?
What is La Nina?
What is object-oriented design?
How do movie blues screens work?
What is the meaning of the name Ella?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard?
What does hazmat stand for?
What does the word "opera" mean?
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say?
What good are mosquitoes?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother?
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin's name?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas?
How do you make dumplings?
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington?
What is a urologist?
How do I give a good massage?
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios?
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of "Roger & Me"?
How did the tradition of best man start?
What is it like to experience a near death episode?
What's the meaning of the Latin battle cry: Ad arma, ad arma.
What is the origin of the word "pallbearer?"
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch?
What makes a tornado turn?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?
How can you be happy?
How can I look up someone's E-mail address on the Internet?
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common?
What is usenet for the Internet?
How is thalassemia defined?
What is the origin of the word "sideburns"?
What does Tiffany mean?
What are Cobol, Fortran, and Pascal?
What makes thunder?
What is an Angelus?
What is a wart?
What is form drag?
What is the largest variety of cactus?
What is the origin of the name Katie?
What is Margaret Thatcher known for?
What makes popcorn pop?
How do you correctly say the word "qigong"?
What is the "fourth dimension"?
How do boats float?
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for?
What is the Socratic method?
What should you do for an ankle sprain?
How do you make a million bucks?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can't be popular nowadays?
What are pomegranates?
What does "saute" mean?
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors?
What's the setting of John Le Carre's A Small Town in Germany?
How is it correct to say "qigong"?
What is the origin of the word "attic"?
What does it mean "Rupee Depreciates"?
What are differences between 1980 and 1990?
What does "E Pluribus Unum" on the penny mean?
UK has what kind of climatic conditions all over the year?
What is the S&P 500 used for?
Colin Powell is most famous for what?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant's stripes?
What is a tonne?
What is the Bernoulli Principle?
Describe the Long March.
What is a hydrogen bond?
What are the Urals?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment?
What is the secret of the universe?
What do the number 1, 2, and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures?
What is limbo?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle?
What is false consciousness?
What is office automation?
What caused the death of Bob Marley?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts?
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS?
What is osteichthyes?
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing?
What is molybdenum?
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes?
What is a mathematical factor?
What are the Low Countries?
What does Lloyd's Lutine Bell announce?
What is "dew point"?
How do I find a city if I have the area code?
How does blood clot?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man?
What are amphibians?
Where did the marriage ceremony come from?
What is Australia Day?
What are the limits to "self-defense?"
How do you throw a housewarming party?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9, 1961?
What is the meaning of "subaru?"
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends?
What is Archimedes famous for?
Which seem most foreign to you? Why?
What does Melissa mean?
What is a nanometer?
What do Caroll Baker, Tammy Grimes, Debbie Reynolds, and Judy Garland all have in common?
Define the Pheonix Club?
What characteristics contribute to its "intelligence"?
How was Lawrence
What is graduate school?
What is troilism?
What is moxie?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name?
What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet?
What is a "node" in computer terms?
What are amicable numbers?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5?
What's a male "cuckquean"?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it?
What does verdandi mean?
What are Kythnos, Siphnos, Seriphos and Mykonos?
Where did Indian Pudding come from?
What is The Gay Science?
Colin Powell is famous for what?
How does the car in "Christine" become possessed?
What is the function of RAM?
What is an ecological niche?
How can you prevent it?
What according to the Kinsey Institute, is the sexual preference of four percent of American males?
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to: "Say goodnight, Dick"?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like?
In Waugh's "A Handful of Dust," what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon?
What function does a community's water tower serve?
What made Jane Goodall famous?
How does the Nintendo "Zapper" work?
How did "stat"come to be used as an expression for quickly?
What is the definition of a witch?
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible?
What is the circumorbital hematoma?
What is barnstorming?
What are Maid-Rites?
What is thalassemia?
What is proposition 98 about?
What is dry ice?
What is multimedia?
How do you solve "Rubik's Cube"?
What is Candlemas Day?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense?
What can be done about snoring?
What is the origin of the name "Scarlett"?
What's new in the postal world in 1999?
What makes you fat?
What are the living conditions in Cuba?
What is diabetes?
What does Las Vegas mean?
What is "Chicago Hope"?
What is the origin of the word assassinate?
What happened in the Long March?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers?
How can you define time?
What is porphyria?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower?
How can I get someone's phone number if I only have their screen name?
How was the Kennedy money made?
How does a hurricane form?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette?
What is Head Start?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home? Will bee eggs remain over winter?
What is the literal meaning of "D-DAY"?
What is June's birthstone?
What causes someone to be ticklish?
How was the element calcium named?
What was the importance of Magellan?
What does appropriates money mean?
How do you get dates with the "Hooters" girls?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment?
What is hydrogen?
How do you box train a cat?
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice?
What is a multiplexer?
What is ouzo?
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia?
What is the filmmakers collabrative?
What are you in need of?
What is Smartnet?
How are we going to get the tickets?
What is the Amish religion?
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas?
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment?
What is a disaccharide?
How is digital audio used?
What is a dental root canal?
What is Occam's Razor?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning?
What makes salt?
What is Remembrance Day all about?
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3, 1939?
How did Socrates die?
What is a transistor?
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s?
What is swap math?
What are the cookies in Internet?
What is a Canada two-penny black?
What were the causes of the Civil War?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber?
What will a compass do in outer space?
What is e-commerce?
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism?
What is Srpska Krajina?
What happens when a body part falls asleep?
How were the days of the week named?
What was the first Funk 'N Lata, Brazilian group, success?
How do you find the area of a circle?
What do I have to do to get good grades in school?
How did names come about?
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number?
What does Venus Retrograde mean?
What are Bellworts?
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island?
What is Linux?
What is the difference between love and infatuation?
What do Christian Scientists believe in?
What is home banking?
What is Compaq's mission statement?
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB?
What is cache memory?
What is crabgrass?
What is a "False Moon"?
How do you match a name to a social security number?
How can I stop or slow down aging?
What is a virtual IP address?
What is the virus HIV?
How come light bulbs go out?
Where did marijuana come from?
What is prepared mustard?
What are the medical purposes of "clitoridectomy"?
What are Maid-Rites?
What are faults in the earth's crust?
What is saltpeter?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean?
What is a First World country?
What is the chemiosmotic theory?
What is the origin of head lice?
What is the meaning of Jesus?
What does the Georgetown "Hoya" mean?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero?
How do ants have sex?
How does salt melt ice and snow?
How is "qigong"properly pronounced?
What is different about the red and black fox?
What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican?
What is narcolepsy?
What are a baseball team's firemen?
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series?
What is cosmology?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer?
What are the "Star Wars" satellites?
How did Jayne Mansfield die?
What are some children's rights?
What is a rhomboideus minor?
What are the lyrics to "Smelly Cat"?
What is the function of the appendix?
What do economists do?
What is the Hub of London?
How can I transport files from one computer to another?
How does the author describe, grapple with, or ignore contemporaneous historical events?
What is agent orange?
How do you identify prime numbers?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com?
What is the origin of the ethnic category "caucasian"?
What's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness?
What is the definition of cosmology?
How do you become a dentist?
What's the origin of the word "news"?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832?
What causes pneumonia?
What are the words to the song sung by "Banana in Pajamas"?
How can I find out my Moon sign?
What is the origin of the word nevermind?
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater?
What is the origin of the word "posh"?
What is white chocolate?
What is the origin of "jiggy" as in getting jiggy with it?
What is "alternative" anymore?
What kind of store is Samsung Store? Is it a retail or wholesale store?
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches?
What is the design of the ship Titanic?
What is power steering?
What is a firewall?
What is object-oriented design?
How do I do this?
What is Java?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword?
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion?
What does Ouija mean?
How is cologne made?
What is the history of yo-yos?
What is artificial intelligence?
How do windmills work?
What is "the washed vodka"?
How do you handle a hungry man?
What is the difference between hair and fur?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding?
From what cause does tuberculosis stem?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner's The Case of the Terrified Typist?
What's a "coup de poing" to a French boxer?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office?
What is the definition of "graphic details"?
What does "Janelle" mean?
What makes Black Hills, South Dakota a tourist attraction?
How can I give myself a French manicure?
What does e = mc2 mean?
How do you fix squeaky floors?
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney's employees is allowed to?
How do birds have sex?
In My Antonia, how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm?
What is the biblical meaning of "stones"?
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive?
What does "antidisestablishmentarianism" mean?
What is Megan's law?
What causes tuberculosis?
How do I find a snowboarding website?
How do I get another city's newspaper?
How did the months of the year get there name?
What happened to Moon Maiden?
How do you make the color purple?
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton?
What does the dot on the letter i mean?
What are liver enzymes?
How does rabies spread?
What's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord's Prayer?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue?
What are the Twin Cities?
What is the origin of the term "The Brooklyn Side" in bowling?
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated?
What is the 401, K, plan?
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference?
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics?
What is the origin of the word "amen"?
What is Boston Kreme?
What is the difference between jazz and blues?
What is leukemia?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside?
What's the Red Planet?
What is the Peloponnesian League?
How do clouds form?
What is the definition of the term "weapons system"?
What is the claim to fame of Agra, India?
What kind of store is Apple Store? Is it a retail or wholesale store?
In the song "Yankee Doodle," why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni?
What is a common dolphin?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo?
USA has what kind of climatic conditions all over the year?
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship?
What is Jane Goodall famous for?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers?
What is pandoro?
What does the term glory hole mean?
How does a submarine operate?
What is nuclear proliferation?
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career?
How do storms form?
What is God?
What are boxcars?
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing?
How do plants make food?
How did the Great Depression affect Japan's history?
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like?
What is Doegs?
What is the theory of equivalence states?
How do you dunk?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free?
What did Delilah do to Samson's hair?
What is the spectrum of a sine wave?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells?
What does the name Melissa mean?
How do you use "farther " as opposed to "further"?
What is the main objective of the company?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs?
What does the name Kelly mean?
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst?
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8?
What is a portal?
What is meant by blood SED rate?
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about?
Where did the name root beer come from?
What is the origin of thank you notes?
What was unusual about Alexandra's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats?
How can I find a list of celebrities 'real names?
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for, in 1931?
How do you ask questions?
What is the "coppertop" battery?
How do I find out about jobs?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women?
What is a meerkat?
How do you reference a website?
What is a nematode?
What does Elysium mean?
What is the origin of the proverb "A stitch in time saves nine"?
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries?
What causes rust?
What are Fortune 500 companies?
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California?
What are the alveoli?
What are bear and bull markets?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn?
What is pasta?
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA?
How is plastic made?
What is film noir?
What was archy, and mehitabel?
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools?
What is dew point?
What do I need to learn to design web pages?
What is deadrise, nautical,?
How do fuel injectors work?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school.
What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespeare's literary contributions to English literature?
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone?
What is tumbled marble?
What is the Internet2?
How do you stop junk snail mail?
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet?
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899?
What is the definition of spamming?
What is the Kashmir issue?
What is a virtual IP address?
What is the weather like on the moon?
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes?
How does psorisis disappear?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy?
How do I know if I am obese?
What are vermicilli, rigati, zitoni, and tubetti?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced?
How successful is arometherapy?
What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral?
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant's stripes?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months?
What are the seven virtues?
What is time?
What is the difference between a college and a university?
What is InterLata Internet service?
What's the motto of the Boy Scouts?
What is tyvek?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland?
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique?
What does the name Gina mean?
How does an ion drive work?
What is infomatics?
What causes canker sores in the mouth?
How can I gain access to a spy satelite?
How do I know if I am pregnant?
What is a plant supplement?
What is probability theory?
What is a Guild?
How do I love thee?
What are tannins?
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan?
What are values?
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden?
and why did he or she create the document?
What about your character makes you a good candidate for this rest job?
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please.
What is thermal equilibrium?
How is energy created?
What is "flintknapping"?
How do I write to my Congressman?
What are amaretto biscuits?
What is the purpose of BIOS?
What is a caldera?
What is ethylene?
What is software piracy?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to "wave 'or"pulse".
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes?
What's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills?
How do I tie a tie?
What happens to used motor oil?
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet?
What does the name "Alexandra"mean?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com?
What is goldenseal?
How do they find an epicenter?
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for?
What does seccession mean?
What was the Chivington Massacre?
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle?
Where did the term "69" come from?
What is the poetic meter of blank verse?
What is a conifer?
What does a nihilist believe in?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear?
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it's name?
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix?
How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17?
What does the name "Anthony" mean?
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings?
How do I find a web address for a company?
What does "Semper Fidelis" mean?
How did Asia get its name?
How does a scientific calculator work?
What is the origin of Boxing Day?
What is a green bog?
What is the history of the hairdryer?
What is e-commerce?
What effect does a prism have on light?
What is a Jake brake?
How did Rocky Marciano die?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears?
How does a hydroelectric dam work?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite?
How do you make a paintball?
What is a philanthropist?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle?
How do you find oxidation numbers?
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea?
What is a handheld PC?
What is fiber in food?
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I, launched February 1, 1958?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access?
What are field effect transistors?
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg, South Carolina?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company?
What is a gandy dancer?
What is the origin of the midwest slang, "you 're darn tootin"?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard?
What is Colin Powell best known for?
How do you buy stocks?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza?
Define Spumante.
What was the filling in the first golf balls?
Where do rocks come from?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs?
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name, "Hajo?"
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat's poem, "The Three Hermits?"
How does it make its colors?
What is the definition of low island?
What is Toulmin logic?
What does the double-O indicate in 007?
What are chloroplasts?
How does a bill become law?
How do companies cut paper so thin?
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar?
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S., work, and then return to Ireland?
What does the donation process entail?
What is Win Rah?
What does camera-ready art mean?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR?
What is real time processing?
What is an isthmus?
What does an echidna look like?
What is the orgin of xoxoxox?
Hazmat stands for what?
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board?
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot?
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner?
What are the words to the cd Eminem's, or slim shady, "My Name Is"?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home?
What is chromatology?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m.?
How do I tie dye clothes?
What is "the only cigarette made with no leftovers"?
What is a geoscientist?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley?
How do anti-locking brakes work?
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds?
What is osmosis?
What is the meaning of thalassemia?
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time?
What is the definition of "chancery" file in real estate?
How do I impress a guy?
What's the rathaus in Frankfurt?
What is spaceball played on?
What is idealab !?
What does caliente mean, in English?
What is the history of skateboarding?
How do I know someone is truly in love with me?
What is paracetamol?
What are the Greek numerals?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr.?
What is Spumante?
What is the definition of hazmat?
What does the name Billie mean?
What's nature's purpose for tornadoes?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics?
What is an arab strap?
Where did the saying "rule of thumb" come from?
What does an emperor do?
What is "cat scratch fever"?
How do telephones work?
What's a short ton?
What is literary criticism?
What is Plc?
What is a serigraph?
What is difference between a poster and a print?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What does the name Calder mean?
What is an auto-commentary?
How can you tell if someone is lying?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it's supposed to?
How can you tell when figs are ripe?
What is Nitrox diving?
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina?
What are "inkhorn terms"?
How can you become an FBI agent?
What is the origin of the word "Teddy bear"?
What is a hormone?
What does the term "spaghetti western" mean?
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for?
What is a heuristic?
What is the origin of the word, magic?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year?
What is the most important thing to start a business?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush?
What was the "Dead Man's Hand"?
How do wasps make their nests?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem?
How do cameras take pictures?
What is a leaky heart valve?
What will the weather be today?
What are the most common causes of death in the U.S.?
How can SQL queries be improved?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen's appearance.
How is an executioner determined?
What are the current immigration laws in US?
What is color?
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine?
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school?
How does James Bond like his martinis?
What personality traits are Capricorns said to have?
How do you write a book report?
What is an annotated bibliography?
What are the rules to "snow golf"?
What does the word terrorism mean?
What is lung cancer?
How did water appear on the earth?
What is the difference between a median and a mean?
What's the difference between J.D. and LL.M.?
What does the word "meta" mean?
What is the difference between scattered and isolated showers?
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from?
How do I increase my biceps'size?
What is the highest Roman numeral?
How can I get a CCT diagram?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution?
What is the origin of music?
How do you tell somebody you like them?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev?
How do you select wine?
How do they produce vitamins?
What is the origin of the word "mushroom"?
How do you address a Chinese person?
What is Sinn Fein?
What's the meaning of the name Tatiana?
What does the name "Justin" mean?
What is hydroelectricity?
What is the "7-minute cigarette"?
How did Edith Bunker die?
What is a dangling participle?
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command?
How can your school march in the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade?
What causes headaches?
What causes rust?
What is the Immaculate Conception?
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm?
What is a turnkey contract?
What was the infamous feat of Germany's U-2 submarine?
How does an abacus work?
How does a parachute work?
How does hair curl?
What are tonsils for?
What are binomial coefficients?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt?
Where does the expression "cloud nine" come from?
What's the difference between sleet and freezing rain?
How can someone become a federal agent?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line?
How is bubble wrap made?
What is a storm surge?
How do hermit crabs reproduce?
What is the origin of thank you notes?
What is the origin of the atom?
What is a glory hole?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs?
What is magnetar?
What causes panic attacks?
How is the element strontium purified?
What is meant by "capital market"?
What are perfect tenses?
How does a copier work?
What is the executor in a will?
How is Easter Sunday's date determined?
What is the origin of the word, JJ.
What does the name Jenna mean?
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium?
What is ethology?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens?
What is Greek pita?
How do I start a bank?
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about?
What is the origin of the expression "tout de suite"?
What does "intractable plantar keratoma" mean?
What is the root of all evil?
What is the cause of endangered species?
What is titanium?
What is the origin of the name Igor?
What is the definition of the Scrabble word "syzygy"?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy?
What is "bloodhound"?
What is a neurosurgeon?
What is Olestra?
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code?
What would you think if you saw the cook at the rest smoking while he is cooking your food?
What was the V-8 Juice slogan: "the tastebud"?
How do you clean up a cache?
What is a pig in a poke?
What is "Nine Inch Nails"?
How can I find out my biorhythm?
How does a chick breathe inside an egg?
What is "Vocal Sampling"?
What is an aurora?
How does a glacier form?
What will happen when sodium is put in water?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy?
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does?
What are the side effects of mevacor?
What is deconstructionism?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean?
How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter?
What is a drought?
What is a stratocaster?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree?
What is humidity?
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition?
What is a century?
What is witch hazel?
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office?
How does Cos Cob, CT get its name?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast?
What is the origin of the term "buffalo wings" that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce?
How do you use an intranet?
How do microwaves work?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax?
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day?
What was an "Asiento"?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action?
What is the difference between khaki and chino?
What does the word affiant mean?
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen?
What's an auberge in France?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs?
What causes asthma?
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card?
What is the Milky Way?
What does the word camaro mean, from the GM car the Camaro?
What is a horologist?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls?
What is a Mexican hairless?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern's ring?
How do you make a computer chip?
How is silk screening done?
What is the origin of the word "tampon"?
What does palindromic mean?
What is the difference between molecules and compounds?
What's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display?
What is "the computer for the rest of us"?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only "My God" in his log?
What is meant by the term "yield to maturity" in reference to bonds?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art?
What's the Olympic motto?
What is recruitment interview technique?
What is Betsy Ross famous for?
What would happen if you never lost weight?
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail?
How do I start a web based business?
How do you recognize anorexia?
What is the origin of the word "mind"?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome?
What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock?
What is hebephrenia?
How can I get rich quick?
What does Robert mean?
What is hypnotherapy?
What is cunnilingus?
What causes "rolling thunder"?
What is the Golden Rule?
What is a phalanx?
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars, and how are they produced?
What does Aaron mean?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered?
What effect does LSD have on the brain?
What caused the Lynmouth floods?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth?
What was Nine Tailors, the television show from 1974, about?
Define Sinn Fein.
What is a swatch?
What's a water funnel?
What is the origin of the term soda jerk?
What is a Chinese "spouting" bowl?
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia?
How is the word "qigong"pronounced?
What's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant?
What is the half-life of P-32?
How is Answers.com funded?
What was the Long March in China?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid?
What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state?
What happened to Answers.com?
What is a "borrow pit"?
What is a "repeating voter"?
What are the benefits of home school?
What is a gas release event?
How can I find a list of, fax and or email, addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts?
What is the definition of cecum?
What is an urban legend?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches?
What are the Baltic States?
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator?
What is a Jellicle Cat?
What are the seven deadly sins?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse?
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed, altered or amended?
What is measured in curies?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water?
What is the origin of the expression "four-letter word"?
What does "Philebus-like" mean?
Where did the term "86ed" come from?
What is a caul?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem?
How do you do a topic outline?
How do I find the balance of my social security account?
What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood?
What is idealab !?
What is goulash?
What's the meaning of UOL?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for?
What is making love?
What does the Greek word polis mean, as in Minneapolis?
Define cosmology.
How do I legally make my own will and testament?
What is federal income tax?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address?
How has TV affected our society?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum?
What is platinum?
What does the name "Sabrina" mean?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author?
Where did the term "86" come from?
What does N est-ce pas mean?
What is the Lost Colony?
What are the words to "My Way" written by Paul Anka?
What is viscosity?
What is Tetrinet?
What is the origin of the word Marijuana?
How do you clean badly tarnished brass?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator?
How is the element strontium purified?
How is Paraguay for vacations?
What else has the swastika stood for?
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $ 1, 000 in the early 1950's?
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for?
What is a bourdon tube?
What is he doing now?
What is D.B. Cooper known for?
What is a leper?
What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested?
What are shooting stars?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with?
What is the origin of the first name "Breony"?
What do the names Neil, Mary, and Anthony mean?
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite?
What is digitalis?
What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb?
What causes an earthquake?
What is sound?
What makes sperm?
What's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle?
What is a wop?
What is a bone marrow transplant?
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die?
What are equity securities?
What is so powerful about Power Bars?
What is the English meaning of caliente?
What is the contents of proposition 98?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis?
What is yohimbine?
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar?
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism?
What is a Cartesian Diver?
What is the origin of "barbeque"?
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film?
What is a cake of soap?
What causes blue balls?
How do you get silly putty out of fabric?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder?
How do I install a tile floor?
How do you get a pointsettia to turn red?
What personal experience do you have with weight issues or struggling with your weight.
What is the VDRL test of blood?
How do Ouija Boards work?
What is the meaning of caliente, in English,?
What is hypertext?
What was the Vietnam War?
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel, Mexico for teenagers?
What does gringo mean?
What are the Valdez Principles?
What is splatterpunk?
What is a Devo hat?
What are dingoes?
Where did the term fireplug come from?
What are manifest and latent function theories?
What happened to Pepsi Clear?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean?
How did you fill downtime at your last rest job?
or do you prefer to go to those you have already been to? Why?
What does the name Shawn mean?
What do Hank Aaron, Jimmy Stewart, and Howard K. Smith have in common?
How can I trace my family roots?
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?
What is Franz Kafka's short story "A Country Doctor" trying to tell us?
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery?
How you can raise your IQ?
How can I find online spelling?
What's the state motto of California?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica, West Indies for a year?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse?
How do chickens have baby chicks?
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes?
What is the history of Valentine's Day cards?
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb?
How can I find online spelling, and punctuation drills for my 6th grader?
What is the origin of the peace symbol?
What does idle mean?
What is the C programming language?
What is the medical condition of hypertension?
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment?
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds?
What happened to Pompeii?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese?
What is Eagle's syndrome styloid process?
What is the feudal system?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste?
What is the origin of infinity?
What is the origin of the word trigonometry?
What's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model?
How can I search for a word within my own webpage?
What percent of profit is in fruit business?
How long do cardinal eggs incubate?
How many words are there in the Spanish language?
What's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise?
Which is the moneylier place to shop in the World? What perc?
How big is USA compared to Russia?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991?
What does 7847 + 5943 equal?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991?
When did Lucelly Garcia, a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras, die?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers?
How much is 1 AUD compared to Indian rupee?
What perc of the world population live in India?
How deep is the ocean?
What is the population of Kansas?
How many species of the Great White shark are there?
How many millimeters are in a mile?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip?
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created?
At what point does water freeze?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have?
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions?
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990?
How many colors are there in a rainbow?
What is the thermostat in your home set to?
How far can a man travel in outer space?
What year did Rossetti paint "Beata Beatrix"?
How many astronauts have been on the moon?
What day is known as the "national day of prayer"?
How many people live in Tokyo?
What is Columbia Tristar's phone number?
How much time does the blinking of an eye take?
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second?
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II?
How long is Suez canal?
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty?
Independent silversmith's account for what percentage of silver production?
How long does a pig's orgasm last?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan?
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea?
How many inches are in a foot?
How many grooves are on a dime's edge?
How many chemical elements are there?
How cold did the weatherman say it would get tonight?
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia?
What is the pig population of the world?
What is the temperature on the planet Jupiter?
which priority will be given for food by all the living beings?
The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular?
What is the protection rate of using condoms?
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983?
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow?
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland?
What is the money of living in USA?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S.?
How much of the earth's surface is permanently frozen?
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican?
What was Thatcher's approval rating after 10 years in power?
What is Columbia Tristar's phone number?
How many museums are there in the UK?
How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution?
What does most things money on a value menu at a fast food place?
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes?
How long does the average domesticated ferret live?
How tall is Prince Charles?
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea?
What is the mean income of the top 10 %, top 5 %, and top 1 %?
In South Korea, how many American Soldiers are there?
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch "The Simpsons"?
How many museums are there in UK?
When did Jaco Pastorius die?
What does a piece of paper weigh?
What is Dick Clark's birthday?
When was John D. Rockefeller born?
When was the women's suffrage amendment ratified?
What does the average song money to download on iTunes?
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink?
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont's last theorem?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia?
Dialing, 900, 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh's 188 work The Artist's Room in Arles?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon?
How many people live in cities?
How many meters are in a mile?
How long is world’s Longest Cross Sea Bridge Donghai Bridge, China?
How far is Agra from Delhi to visit Taj Mahal in India?
How many referees work a soccer game?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?
How hot is the moon?
How old was George Washington when he died?
How much is it for a boob job?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school?
What is the average amount spent on an engagement ring?
how much does an Mac Book money?
What is the speed limit on UK highways?
When was Calypso music invented?
What is the frequency of VHF?
How many times was pitcher, Warren Spahn, a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons?
What is Martin Luther King Jr.'s real birthday?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993?
What does a poland spring bottle weigh?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France?
What is the population of Mexico?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991?
What month's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard?
How far can you see?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere?
CNN began broadcasting in what year?
When was Dubai's first concrete house built?
How many people live in the Falklands?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex's teeth?
How old is Jeremy Piven?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school?
How many neurons are in the human brain?
what is the size of a post card?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year?
How deep is a fathom?
What year did the War of 1812 begin?
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
How many people in the world speak French?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters?
How many verses are in the Bible?
How many liberty bells have there been?
What is the life span of the average monkey?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?
How many milliseconds in a second?
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream?
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid?
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon?
How fast does grass grow?
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the "Forest of Fontaine"?
How cold is zero degrees kelvin?
How long is Camptown Racetrack?
How much is a box of Oranges?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth?
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics?
how near is the bus stop to your office?
How big is Brazil?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia, South America?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body?
What is the money of living in UK compared to USA?
How big is Europe?
How much does a Nintendo Wii money?
What was the first minimum wage?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union?
In what year did Thatcher gain power?
How hot is Alaska?
What is the Olympic record for running 100 meters?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996?
How many Harry Potter books are there?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture, "Fourth Position Front?"
How long does a school year last?
What percent of Samsung smartphones are sold in UK compared to iphones?
How many players are allowed on a professional baseball team at one time?
When was Hurricane Hugo?
What percentage of Americans own their homes?
How much does an Xbox 360 money?
Which standard your son is studying?
What percentage of the body is muscle?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent, with sides,?
What day of the week was July 13?
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner's steeplechase water jump?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak?
If I asked for your number, what do I mean?
how much amount of money you spend your studies?
What's the third month of the Gregorian calendar?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area?
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen?
How deep is a fathom?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst?
What's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball?
What does a elastic band weigh?
What is the scientific name for temperature?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour?
How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court?
What date is Richard Nixon's birthday?
How is the amount of money required to buy a average house in London?
In what year was the cannon invented?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into?
When was the Berlin Wall erected?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister?
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses?
How big is a quart?
What is the minimum safe water temperature?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended?
How big is our galaxy in diameter?
When did the Dow first reach?
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain?
How many Marx Brothers were there?
How many muscles does an oyster have?
How much does the President get paid?
Which is the longest river in the world?
How many people did Randy Craft murder?
When did Spielberg direct "Jaws"?
How many different vegetation zones are there?
Among the three winners who won the glod medal?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983?
How many varieties of twins are there?
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers?
what is the speed of Acele express?
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv, Israel and Memphis, Tennessee?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993?
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde?
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face?
What was the date of CNN's first broadcast?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union's flag?
How old is the universe?
How much does it money to travel by air from India to UK in economic class?
In what year was actress Joan Collins born?
The film "Jaws" was made in what year?
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments?
How many bones are in the human hand?
How many corners does a spritsail have?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last?
what is the average dist from the Earth to the Moon?
What year did Charles Dicken die?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria's reign?
What's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch "'The Simpsons"?
On average, how long time does it take to type a screenplay?
How many cullions does a male have?
what is the money of this furniture?
What is the chemical reactivity of helium?
What date is Boxing Day?
How many wings does a flea have?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969?
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany?
What place do you come in if you beat everyone but one person?
What are the startup moneys and monthly moneys?
What's men's par on a 455-yard golf hole?
How many rests does Darden operate?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published?
How many fingers on one hand?
How many languages does the Pope speak?
How many hot dogs can a average human being eat?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River?
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd?
What is needed to buy this pen?
When is the Sun closest to the Earth?
How big is Canada?
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, December 21, CD.
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts?
How fast does the earth rotate?
When did World War I start?
How much does it money to print a resume?
How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year?
How many meters are in a mile?
How far is London UK from California?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados?
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year?
How many games are in a baseball season?
What does gold money in India?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin?
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest?
How many people watch network television?
How loud is thunder?
How many teats does a female goat sport?
How long does it take to hit puberty?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost?
What time of year has the most air travel?
How old is Benny Carter?
How many wives did Brigham Young have?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult?
When did beethoven die?
How big is Jupiter compared to Earth?
How long does a human live?
How far is USA by boat?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole?
What is the money of land in rural areas of India?
What is the average salary of a paleontologist?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game "Around the World"?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969?
What year was Janet Jackson's first album released?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously?
When did the Carolingian period begin?
What is the size of Argentina?
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked "q.i.d."?
When is Boxing Day?
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia, South America,?
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge?
How many different kinds of ice cream are there?
When was Nostradamus born?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972?
What's the score of a forfeited baseball game?
What base does David Ortiz play?
How many people have been Captain America?
How many questions do you have on your database?
How many sides does a heptagon have?
How many years do fossils take to form?
How fast does a Lamborghini go?
When was the G7 group of nations formed?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged?
What does a coke bottle weigh?
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio?
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution?
What is the world record for the longest hair?
How much does a poodle weigh?
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5, 6?
what travels the fastest light or sound?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town?
How long is Great Wall of China?
What's the most amount of money you've ever found on the ground?
How many pounds are there in one kilo?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink?
How big is Earth?
When was the first American encyclopedia published?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England?
How many people visit museums in India?
When will the millennium officially begin?
How many different countries export coffee?
How many horses died during the civil war?
How much snow equals an inch of rain?
How many seats does the Batmobile sport?
how much amount of money you spend to your family for one month?
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system?
What is the current population for these countries: France, Spain, Italy, Greece, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, the Netherlands?
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin?
What base does A-Rod play?
How many sides does an obelisk have?
How many trees go into paper making in a year?
What does a paper weight have to weigh?
How long does it take different materials to decompose?
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard?
What geological time do we live in?
How many horses are there on a polo team?
When did the use of "the syringe" first appear in medicinal history?
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker?
When is Bastille Day?
What is the size of the largest akita?
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon?
In what year was the Wall built?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey?
How many types of dogs'tails are there - three
When was the Congress of Vienna?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily?
How far is Moon from Earth?
What is the contact number for Madame Tussaud phone booking?
How many "eyes" does a coconut have?
What is the first day of the week?
What year did the first issue of "Playboy" come out?
What fraction of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation?
When was Queen Victoria born?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations?
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror?
About how many soldiers died in World War II?
How many children do you have?
How large is Missouri's population?
When did President Kennedy, Lee Harvey Oswald, and Jack Ruby all die?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing?
How many elephants are left on earth?
How many spears are there on Kenya's flag?
How much does it cost, average or whatever is available, to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US?
How many cities are there in Utah?
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year?
When was China's first nuclear test?
How many days does a typical mayfly live?
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game?
What is the busiest air travel season?
How many continents are there?
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule?
How many miles is it from Frankfurt, Germany to Salzburg, Austria?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle?
What is the population in India?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany?
What year was the NAACP founded?
What was the minimum wage in 1991?
How many times more than 3
what perc is required for graduation on a upsc exam?
How many people live in Chile?
How much does sea water weigh per cubic foot?
How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles?
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan?
How many languages are there in the world?
How big is an NHL ice rink?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod?
How big is the Chappellet vineyard?
how far away are your grandparents?
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy?
When did Amtrak begin operations?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall?
How many people did Randy Craft kill?
How many years old is Benny Carter?
what is the volsize of a cube?
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building?
What year was the setting for American Graffiti?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto "Semper Fidelis"?
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell's tomato soup?
What was the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon?
What is the number of your bank?
When was Christ born?
How many eyes does a bat have?
How often are brain cells replaced?
How many movies are made from Stephen King books?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale?
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed?
How many points are there on a Backgammon board?
How many museums are there in USA?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded?
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years?
How many runs are made by Sachin Tendulkar in his test series?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997?
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album?
what is the top speed of a Ferrari on road?
How many games does an NFL team play in one season?
When was Richard Nixon born?
What is the average income in the United States?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing?
How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured?
What is the hottest temperature ever recorded in the universe?
what perc of pork is sold in the UK?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters?
What percent of people can ride a bike?
what is the number of information website?
How many Americans have HIV?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942?
How many pounds are in a kilogram?
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics?
how far away is the destination for the bicycle race?
How tall was the animated Frankenstein
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg?
What was the price of Varian Associates 'vacuum products division?
What is the frequency of VHF?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made?
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial?
How far do you have to walk to reach the chapel?
What's the coldest water you've ever been swimming in?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes?
When did communist control end in Hungary?
What is the population of Arcadia, Florida?
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000?
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins?
How many people have been killed in wars, armed conflicts?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built?
How much is it for a four year college degree?
How many planets rotate on their own axis's?
How many people have died of tuberculosis?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war?
What is the average age a horse lives?
When was the first steel mill in the United States built?
What is the starting salary of a radiographer?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption?
How many Leos have been Pope?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering?
What is Dick Clark's date of birth?
How small is an atom?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
When is a woman most fertile?
When was Yemen reunified?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade?
How hot is cuba?
How many airline schools are there in the U.S.?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean?
How many calories are there in soy sauce?
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost?
What's the population of Mississippi?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen?
What percent of people own a car?
What does a new Ferrari money?
How many pounds are in a ton?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime?
What does the # symbol mean?
how fast is your internet connection?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina?
How fast does a rabbit go?
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson's have?
What's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K.?
How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959?
How many miles is it from NY to Austria?
How many Beanie Baby sites are there?
How many species of sharks are there?
How many events make up the decathlon?
How much does one cubic foot of platinum weigh?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose?
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack?
What place do you come in if you beat everyone but two people?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold?
How many websites are there in the world?
How Mrs president of America is known?
How many oceans are there and name them?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream?
How many Stanley Cups have the Detroit Red Wings won?
How many religions are there in India compared to the USA?
How much does an iPad money?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America?
What is the ISD code for Canada to dail in from India?
When did Nixon visit China?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place?
How many endangered species are there in the world?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate?
What amount of money was allocated for Bharat Nirman?
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998?
What is Maurizio Pellegrin's age?
What is listed in the yellow pages?
How many small businesses are there in the United States?
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board?
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968?
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day?
What percent of profit is expected to be earned in food business?
What was the first minimum wage?
How fast does a Shelby Cobra go?
How many seconds are in a minute?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war?
How many square feet is Bill Gates 'home?
What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S.?
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990?
What is the currency of Brazil?
How many zeros are there in a trillion?
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole?
How fast is light?
How many types of lemurs are there?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents?
How far is Canada from India?
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged?
How long do flies live?
How long does a dog sleep?
How far is Jupiter from Venus?
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam?
How much does it money to go to the movies?
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket?
What is the population of the United States?
How many books has Stephen King written?
When is Dick Clark's birthday?
How many objects orbit the Earth?
How fast does a Porsche go?
What is the federal minimum wage?
What time of year do most people fly?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed?
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch "The Simpsons"?
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins?
How long is human gestation?
When was Beethoven born?
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside?
How many four star generals were there and who are they?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last?
How much of the nation's children between the ages of two and eleven watch "The Simpsons"?
How many Superbowls have the ers won?
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war?
How many hearts does an octopus have?
What is the height of Tarzan's Treehouse in disneyland park?
How many people died on D-Day?
How many apples will be left out if you ate three from five apples?
How many people are there in the world?
How much is 4 ounces?
How many pages are in the average book?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant?
What is the size of a A4 paper?
How far is Mars from Earth?
What century's the setting for TV's The Adventures of Robin Hood?
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix?
How old is Britney Spears?
What is Judy Garland's date of birth?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac?
How much did a knight's armor weigh?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea?
How can someone contact you?
How many bones are there in the human hand?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992?
How long does it take for the Earth to relvove one complete turn?
What year was the ATM first introduced?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained?
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep?
What is the average money of a new house in California?
What is the ISD code for UK to dail in from India?
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old?
How big is a baby bald eagle?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s?
How much of the surface of the Moon is visible from the earth?
How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth?
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm?
How deep is a fathom?
How much did the movie Titanic money to make?
What do you find on a business card?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina?
How significant was the patient's fever?
How many dots make up the symbol for "because"?
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed?
How often are quadruplets born?
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run?
How hot is the ocean floor?
What is the volsize of a cone?
How many different types of skunks are there?
How long is World’s Largest Indoor Swimming Pool Alberta, Canada?
How many years make up a lustrum?
When was the internal combustion engine developed?
When was "the Great Depression"?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states?
How many people are taller than 7 feet?
What is the annual growth rate of population in India according to 2001 census in perc?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire?
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean?
How much does it money to travel by air from India to Canada in economic class?
What does an HD TV money?
When did the neanderthal man live?
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country?
What is a good way to call a business?
What is chocolates melting point?
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999?
What was Einstein's IQ?
How hot is room temperature?
When was Dick Clark born?
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter?
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled?
Which rank your daughter scored in her final exam?
How many milligrams are in a gram?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis?
How many people hike?
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have?
What debts did Qintex group leave?
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow?
What is the hottest air temperature ever recorded on earth?
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I?
What is the size of a passport photo?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album?
How many languages can be learned by a average Human being?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait?
How many grooves are on a dime?
what comes between one & three?
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces?
What year did Apartheid start?
How tall is the giraffe?
How many URL extensions are there? and what are they?
When was Microsoft established?
How many acres in a mile?
How much did a McDonald's hamburger cost in 1963?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy's to say "Where's the beef"?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland?
What percentage of the world's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests?
How many states have a lottery?
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies?
How many moons does Jupiter have?
When did Muhammad live?
How long was Mao's 1930s Long March?
What are normal body temperatures?
What season begins with the vernal equinox?
How tall is the Matterhorn?
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence?
When did Charles Lindbergh die?
When was the De Beers company founded?
how much money of your house?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River?
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population?
Of children between the ages of two and eleven, what percentage watch "The Simpsons"?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly?
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst?
How old is the sun?
what is the speed of your internet connection?
When did the American Civil War end?
What is the height of masterpiece Rosetta Stone in British Museum?
What is the emergency Police held number in India?
When does the Bible say the seasons started?
How many yards are in 1 mile?
what is an emergency number?
When was the Battle of Hastings?
How many states are there in India?
How many people own pets?
What was Joe Namath's first contract worth?
How long does it take for Spider-Man's web to evaporate?
What do Englishmen weigh themselves in?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur?
When was CNN's first broadcast?
How much can a milk jug hold?
How many member states are in the UN?
When was Florida admitted into the Union?
When did the art of quilting begin?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth?
How many islands does Fiji have?
How much iron is in your body?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara?
How many quarters equal a pound?
How long does it take to drive from Los Angeles to San Francisco?
How many tigers are there in India?
what is the speed of a Tube Train in UK?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky?
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts?
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book?
How many questions are on this thing?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career?
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate?
When was Ozzy Osbourne born?
How long does the average person live?
When is President Nixon's birthday?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly?
How many people visit museums in UK?
How long is the world's largest ship, in meters?
What are the licensing and permit moneys?
What's the most amount of money you've ever found on the ground?
What's the population of Biloxi, Mississippi?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo?
How much is it for a new pair of shoes?
When did they canonize the Bible?
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA?
When was the Big Thompson flood?
How hot is Mars?
What is the money of living in UK?
What is the goat population of the world?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year?
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant?
How many planets are there?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have?
what is the money of this laptop?
How many times has "Louie, Louie" been recorded?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency?
How much does an average new car money?
What year did Montana become a state?
What is the money of average home in UK?
When did the vesuvius last erupt?
What is the average amount of money spent on a new phone?
how much does an LED money?
How big is Australia?
what is the speed of a shooting star?
What percent of people speak a second language?
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000?
When was London's Docklands Light Railway constructed?
What is the last thing you used to contact someone?
When was the USSR dissolved?
How big is the Electoral College?
When was the first flush toilet invented?
How fast can a Corvette go?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher's rubber?
What is the population of Mozambique?
what is the money of this laptop?
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations?
How hot is australia?
What month, date, and year did Charles I die?
what is the speed that light travels?
What fraction of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
How much does one ton of cement cost?
How many types of cheese are there in France?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game?
what perc of LED Tvs are sold in the United States?
What is the currency of Austria?
When was Berlin's Brandenburg gate erected?
How many villi are found in the small intestine?
What age is Benny Carter?
How long was the longest sneezing attack?
How high is the city of Denver?
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts?
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy?
what is the money of this book?
How far out is the universe?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body?
what perc of MacBook Pros are sold in the US?
What percentage of American men are alcoholic?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily?
When did the Berlin Wall go up?
How many colors in a rainbow?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens?
What percent of people know how to drive?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information?
What is the population of Ohio?
In what year was Gandhi assassinated?
What is the ISD code for USA to dail in from India?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air?
What's the tallest person's height?
What is the phone date book number?
What is your shoe size?
How many varieties of apple are there?
How many URL extensions are there? and what are they?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172?
How many seasons do India have?
How much salt is in the oceans?
How fast does a Ferrari Enzo go?
What place gets a bronze medal?
How many "No" answers was the What's My Line? panel allowed?
How many Lord of the Rings books are there?
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas's 1886 painting The Tub?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles?
What's the maximum length, in inches, of a first baseman's glove?
What day is August 13, 1971?
How long do hermit crabs live?
What is the population of the largest Chilean city
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day?
How many frames does a disk camera shoot?
what perc of maruthi cars are sold in the united states?
What does a business card weigh?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date?
When did the "Star-Spangled Banner" become the national anthem?
What is the weight of air?
How many miles is it from London, England to Plymouth, England?
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound?
What percent of people are white?
How many islands make up Antigua?
How fast do cheetahs run?
When did Thatcher become prime minister?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law?
what is the blood bank Number?
What's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S.?
What does a paper clip weigh?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table?
how much does an iPad money?
How many seasons do UK have?
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users?
When was child labor abolished?
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world?
How many countries are there?
On average, how many miles are there to the moon?
How many counties are in Indiana?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel's?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted?
On which date is the Ukrainians 'Christmas?
How long does the average survey take?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska's north coast?
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal, Jordan, and Mutombo, the NBA players?
What is the population of Japan?
How big is India compared to UK?
How fast does a turtle go?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth, Thomas Jefferson on it,?
How many pins are used in skittles?
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins?
How many names are there for Eskimo people?
How many innings constitute an official baseball game?
How many countries watch MTV Europe?
how long is the longest railway line in the world?
what is speed limit to drive in a highway?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date?
What is the world population as of today?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board?
How many pounds are there in a stone?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed?
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth's gravity?
How big is Antarctica?
How many e-commerce companies are started every day?
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach?
At what point does water boil at altitudes considered very high?
What is the speed of a cheetah?
How many Beatles 'records went # 1?
How long does a fly live?
What century does Captain Video live in?
How much electricity does the brain need to work?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII?
What did you get from that money order?
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up?
How many queen bees reign in a hive?
What is the price for AAA's liability auto insurance?
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history?
How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House?
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole?
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long?
What is the minimum speed a any vehicle?
How much does a Playstation 3 money?
When are sheep shorn?
How tall is kilamanjaro?
what is the number for contact information
How big is the universe actually?
When did the Jurassic Period end?
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay?
How old was Lucille Ball when the show "I Love Lucy" premiered?
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing, 900, 740-TREE?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera?
How many people in America snore?
How many colors are there in a rainbow?
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months?
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have?
What is the money of renting a video?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S.?
When was the first stained glass window made?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular?
What place gets a gold medal?
How old is singer Freedy Johnston?
How far is Liverpool Station from Wimbledon Station?
When was this particular document written?
What does a bowling ball weigh?
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe?
How many colleges are in Wyoming?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts?
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war?
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia, built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US, produce?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance?
What is the average time to kiss somene?
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat?
What's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round?
What is the contact number for London Eye phone booking?
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood?
How much is a bottle of soda?
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail?
How hot is Texas?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik's Cube?
What was Einstein's IQ?
What's the first day of the week?
How is the amount of money required to buy a average house in New York?
How many Russians have landed on the moon?
When was the NFL established?
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg?
How many web servers are there?
what is the perc of irrigated land in India?
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas, N.M?
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game?
How much in miles is a ten K run?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City, NJ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo?
How big is the Sun?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer, and where can I find this information?
How much money are Dumbo's ears insured for?
What is the warmest temperature at which snow can fall?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses?
How many maids were milking?
How many colors are there in the spectrum?
How long does cocaine stay in your system?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt?
How long is the average phone call?
When did swimming become commonplace?
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth?
What year did the Vietnam War end?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln's assassination?
How much will the California be in the year 2000?
What's men's par on a 455-yard golf hole?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars?
When did Aldous Huxley write, "Brave New World"?
How many films are made by the major studios in a year?
How many people visit the Pope each month?
what is the money of this furniture?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July?
What's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K.?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union?
How old is Stevie Wonder?
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona, Spain?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow?
How far is Rhode Island from Martha's Vineyard?
How many feet are there in a fathom?
When was the bar-code invented?
How far is London Eye from Cholchester Zoo in UK?
When is the Thai New Year?
What are bottle caps with presidents 'pictures inside worth?
How tall was the animated King Kong?
What is the money of living in Canada?
How many cups in a quart?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs?
What is the minimum warmth that the dishwasher instructions say the water entering during the wash cycle must be?
What percent of people work third shift?
How many bytes are in a terabyte?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom?
How many Bananas can a monkey eat in one day?
How much does it money to travel by air from UK to USA in economic class?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year?
The italian artist, Maurizio Pellegrin, is how old?
How far can a human eye see?
How much is 1 Dollar compared to Indian rupee?
How many ounces in a pound?
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire?
What is the helpline for emergency services in UK?
What perc of alcohol consumption is there in Goa (India)?
What is the helpline for emergency services in USA?
What is the date of Bastille Day?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth?
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer?
When was the slinky invented?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon?
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek's Enterprise to be?
What perc of urban population live in class I cities?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River?
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992?
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland?
How many calories are there in a glass of water?
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature?
How much does a Samsung Galaxy 3 money?
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption?
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach?
What place do you come in if you beat everyone else?
How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck?
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married?
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected?
How many calories are in a tomato?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx?
What is the date of Boxing Day?
What date did man first land on the moon?
When does menstruation begin?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information?
How many people died in the Vietnam war?
What percent of people are black?
How old was Gene Siskel?
How long is an average movie?
What perc of world land area is there in India?
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant?
How much does one gallon of water weigh?
How many James Bond novels are there?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get?
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder?
What is the wingspan of a condor?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament?
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille?
What are perc of total forest area of India?
When was the San Francisco fire?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area?
How big is the largest diamond?
What percent of people know how to swim?
How fast does the fastest car go?
what is the dist around the earth at the equator?
CNN's first broadcast occurred on what date?
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married?
When did CNN go on the air?
What is the download speed when using a broadband?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team?
How much does a Big Mac meal money?
What percent of world's fresh water is found in Canada?
What century did art's Romantic Period begin in?
How many small businesses are there in the U.S.
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations?
How many school districts are there in the United States?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses?
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant?
How many dots make up the symbol for "because"?
When was the battle of the Somme fought?
how far is the earth from the Jupiter?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth, Thomas Jefferson on it?
How big is North America?
What year did Spielberg make "Jaws"?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president?
When did CNN begin broadcasting?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole?
When do you plant winter wheat?
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters: c?
How far is your Inlaws' place?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun?
How hot does reheated food need to get to ensure that it is safe to eat?
What is the temperature today?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish?
How long ago did the Titanic sink?
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open?
How many people die from tuberculosis each year?
What year was the first automobile manufactured?
How big is an NFL football field?
What place gets a silver medal?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand?
How much does a average iPad money in US?
How many lakes are there on the Earth?
When did Nixon die?
What year did Hitler die?
How long was the longest hiccup attack?
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper?
How many seconds are in an hour?
When was Babe Ruth born?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age?
How long do you have to walk to reach the hospital?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk?
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation?
what is the dist of your school from your house?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture?
How much is 1 Pound compared to Indian rupee?
What does a roll of scotch tape weigh?
How old is too old for a child to not be talking?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?
How many tenths of the Earth's surface lie under water?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there?
How many people in Tucson?
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina?
When was the first Barbie produced?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England?
What is the regular price?
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer's 1872 painting Snap the Whip?
How long does a blink last?
How many watts make a kilowatt?
How many states have a "lemon law" for new automobiles?
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole?
How old is Bernadette Peters?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution?
What is the dist for the marathon?
What is the average weight for a man?
How high was the patient's fever?
What is President Nixon's birthdate?
When was the Parthenon built?
What is the temperature for cooking?
what is the dist from the Sun to the Mars?
How much does an iPhone 5 money?
How far away is the moon?
At what speed can a cruise travel on water?
How long was the OJ Simpson trial?
How much does a wedding money?
In 1990, what day of the week did Christmas fall on?
How do you say 2 in Latin?
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body?
What is the most expensive car in the world?
What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper?
What is the name of the master gland?
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon?
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune, the Lovers, and Death?
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in?
What paintings depict former religious beliefs of people?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans?
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet?
What are close encounters of the first and second kind?
What 1915 film was the first to gross $ 5 million?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called?
What is California's state bird?
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball?
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for?
What's another name for aspartame?
What is a fear of home surroundings?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children?
What is the best way to travel in Japan?
What blood sport features a movement called a veronica?
What's the most powerful card in Euchre?
What does a polyorchid man have at least three of?
What's an infant seal called?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects?
What is a fear of weakness?
What therapy attempts to elicit the "primal scream"?
which is the largest gland in the human body?
What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer?
What's the most extensively grown and eaten food?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder?
What's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger?
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross?
Which mosquito's bite draws blood, DT NN CC DT NN.
What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have?
What's the most popular contact lens color?
What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called?
Which hair care product told us "hate that gray, wash it away"?
What do chefs call The Master Spice?
What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt, Churchill, and Stalin?
Ray Charles plays which instrument?
What ice creams contain seaweed?
What beer's name is translated as "lion brew"?
Name the disposable razor that "costs about 19 cents."
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg?
What is the longest English word?
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids?
What commodity's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II?
What fuel do airplanes use?
What kind of mammal is a colt?
What is the currency of Austria?
What's another word that means "knows all"?
Which came first, according to Genesis 1: 2: 22 - the chicken or the egg?
What's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree?
What animal has the best hearing?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in?
In which sport is there a "scrum"?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse?
What football bowl game's first queen was Hallie Woods?
What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about?
What was Edward Albee's first full-length play?
What do you call a group of geese?
What game is fatal to anybody over 21?
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes?
What was the name of the U.S.'s first manned space program?
What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries?
What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can?
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach.
What do the French call La Manche?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of?
What award is the "Oscar" of advertising?
What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked?
What are the two largest birds on earth?
What is glass made of?
In what film did Steven Spielberg's dog star as the main character's dog?
What is a fear of night or darkness?
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character?
What TV station did Mary Richards work for?
What "magic" does Mandrake employ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes's Don Quixote?
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998?
What is the softest part of the body?
What is the longest-running television series?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s?
To what does Microsoft's Windows 3 owe its success?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value?
What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for?
What was the weather like on a particular date?
What computer operating system is on the most computers?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock?
What took first prize in Omni magazine's contest to find the "ultimate unanswerable question"?
What is a term for behavior, appearance, or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality?
What species is a colt?
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter's Mill?
What was the last book you read?
What are the most common elements in seawater?
What's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience?
Which of the following is Maharashtra's famous form of folk theatre?
What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649, the English Civil War time?
What is your favorite movie?
What animal has killed the most people?
What other name were the "Little Rascals" known as?
What African animals are known as The Big Five?
What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815?
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water?
What color is the lipstick on Boy George's wax lips at London's Madame Tussaud's?
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths?
Which animal has the longest neck?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china?
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait?
What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter?
What was the monster in Spielberg's film "Jaws"?
What rum is so "mixable" it is a one-brand bar?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring?
Name an American made motorcycle.
What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her?
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7, 1989?
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for?
What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets?
What sport is known for hooligans?
What is widely used to detect birth defects?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for?
Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical?
What is a fear of bees?
What kind of species is the monster in the film "Jaws"?
What organ contains the islands of Langerhans?
What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body?
What is the currency of Brazil?
What is your favorite horror movie?
What is Mississippi's state animal?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland?
What foods contain vitamin B12?
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in?
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child, in 1853?
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins?
What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees, imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves?
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word?
What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use?
What sport do you shag flies in?
What is April's gemstone?
What is "the great American family cereal"?
What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards?
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562?
What is a fear of slime?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg?
What is Smokey The Bear's middle name?
Aspartame is also known as what?
Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in?
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role?
In human body, Bile is produced by which organ?
Madonna advertises for what soft drink?
What was another name for East Germany?
What movie starred Erroyl Flynn and Olivia de Havilland?
What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981?
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world?
What format was the major competition of VHS?
What are the Cleveland Indians also called?
What was spawned the term "MiG Alley"?
What is the only substance that gives food its "taste" when eaten?
What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time?
What does an edentulous smile lack?
Which post is applicable to receive our mail wihtin two days?
What breed of dog was the "Little Rascals" dog?
Which gender has bigger thighs?
What kind of animal is Babar?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox?
What events happened January 26, 1978?
What is a synonym for aspartame?
What is a fear of pregnancy?
What color is Chablis?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon?
What was George Washington afraid of?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays.
Name the men's cologne that is associated with the sea.
What is the highest grossing movie of 2011?
What religion has the most members?
What is a fear of reptiles?
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope?
What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control?
What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans?
What is the main language of Sao Paulo, Brazil?
What is a fear of fur?
What plant is rum made from?
Where did Admiral Lord Nelson defeat Napoleon?
What did Benny Carter play?
What is the largest organ in the human body?
What is the Scotch "for people who know the difference"?
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects?
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill?
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7, 0 pounds?
What are some good exercises for kids to do?
What is Grenada's main commodity export?
What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar?
What movie told of Anna Anderson's claim to be a Russian czar's daughter?
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942?
What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He's So Fine by The Chiffons?
What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world, birds, mammals, etc.,?
What 1950 film won seven Oscars, including best picture?
What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is?
What is Beethoven's 9th symphony called?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum?
What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan?
What is November's birthstone?
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen, in 1899?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner?
What's the sequel to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
What is the folklore story regarding birds 'nests and birds in Christmas trees?
What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature?
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor, causing the Spanish-American war?
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections?
What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication?
What is the greatest source of "white" magic in the Marvel Universe?
What did the ancients call the four great elements?
Where are red blood cells made?
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends: "Well, maybe next year..."?
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors?
What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of?
What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo's baby girl has?
What is the name of Microsoft's video game console?
Jude Law was in what movie?
What is a fear of being alone?
What sport is played on the largest field?
What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time?
What shampoo prevents eczema, seborrhea, and psoriasis?
What type of betting is used in horse racing?
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics.
What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times?
What did Vasco da Gama discover?
What do manatees eat?
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with?
What overalls are named for Dungri, a suburb of Bombay?
Name a Sioux language.
What is the word for love of pain or abuse?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux?
What colors make up a rainbow?
What is the chemical composition of a Barbie?
What new year is celebrated on February 16th?
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board?
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions?
What does a heliologist study?
What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth, Prince Albert's wife?
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939?
What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox?
What were the five opening words on Ben Casey?
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967?
What is your favorite color?
What was the sister ship of the Olympic?
What is the plural of gulf?
What gaming devices were dubbed "Mississippi marbles " and "Memphis dominoes"?
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight?
What was the name of Hitler's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923?
What type of food makes you fat?
What is the predominant color of the Tab label?
In which event do different countries from all over the world take part in various sports?
What was Mel Gibson's first movie?
What is the rarest coin?
What is state tree of Nebraska?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus?
What is the Taj Majal made of?
What's the most popular four-player game of all time?
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope, and how big is it?
What kinds of animals are in Cambodia?
Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III.
What Kennedy was married to Ethel?
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as?
What was Hitler's favorite movie?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy?
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter's Cathedral, Basilica,?
What's the main vegetable in vichyssoise?
To get the most caffeine, what soda should I drink?
What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I?
How do you say "fresh" in Spanish?
What are super balls made of?
What product is for kids, and not for silly rabbits?
What age followed the Bronze Age?
What is the most famous German word in the English language?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines.
What creature scares people in the film "Jaws"?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans'social club in Pulaski, in Tennessee, in 1866?
what was the weather like yesterday?
What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family, driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl?
What are the components of polyester?
What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah's Ark?
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera?
What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars?
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards?
What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975?
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games?
What was the name of the television show, starring Karl Madsen, that had San Francisco in the title?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse?
What fruit does the ficus produce?
which is the largest part of the human brain?
What is the zodiac sign for August 14?
What garment was named for Bradley, Voorhees and Day?
Which is heavier - cream or milk?
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives?
What late-night TV show features Larry, Bud, Melman and Toast on a Stick?
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female?
What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move?
What color is the cross on Switzerland's flag?
What's played at Wembley Stadium, London, every May?
What book did Aaron Hass write?
What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out?
What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US?
What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL?
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda?
What does the technique called "cold fusion" produce?
What substance are nails made of?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine?
What's the most common non-contagious disease in the world?
What's the name of Jacques Cousteau's research ship?
What word occurs 46, 227 times in the Bible?
what is the first 3D Film of India?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896?
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin?
What is the biggest "thing" humans have made?
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet, Sisley, Pissarro, Renoir and Degas?
What English word contains the most letters?
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine?
Aspartame is also called what?
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders?
What's the singular of dice?
What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy?
What is the mission of Nike?
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars?
What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening?
Which magazine is "fine entertainment for men"?
In what war was the first submarine used?
What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play?
The muscles found in the front of your thighs are known as what?
What's the international radio code word for the letter F?
What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial?
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross.
What disease plagued Europe, Africa and Asia?
What's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family?
What's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face?
What famous events have happened on March 27?
What is the fear of the computer called?
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines?
What is the brand name of daminozide?
What is the name of the kids'show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple?
What was the distinguishing mark on the "Little Rascals" dog?
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians?
What is the most widely cultivated plant?
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania?
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California?
What blew up at Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1977?
What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe?
What harmful chemicals are in bug spray?
What does a deltiologist collect?
What are the seven wonders of the world?
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument?
What are the historical trials following World War II called?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what?
What's the world's most common compound?
What is your favorite painting?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza?
What was Jimmy Durante's theme song?
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers?
What is the full classification of a lady bug?
What cereal goes "snap, crackle, pop"?
Which is a real berry: blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, strawberry?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers?
What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel's Earth?
What was the name of Robert Fulton's most famous steamboat?
What's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave?
What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963?
Garry Kasparov plays what game?
What is a fear of thunder?
What was the last movie Bruce Willis starred in?
What color are tennis balls?
What is a fear of stings?
What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956?
What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola?
What determines the value of the pearl?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow?
What game does Garry Kasparov play?
What color is Mr. Spock's blood?
Which is the largest muscle in human body?
What poem contains the line, "grow old with me the best is yet to be".
What kind of file has the extension.dbf?
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening?
What is Chiricahua the name of?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read?
What animals do you find in the stock market?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks?
What was the sequel to The Moon's Balloon?
What sports magazine has the largest circulation?
What keeps clouds in the air?
What common plant has a button, cap, cup, gills, and ring?
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico?
A corgi is a kind of what?
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $ 28 million?
What's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby?
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper?
What is a common anti-AIDS drug?
What was the longest war in U.S. history?
What are all the different types of pizza?
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing: "To be, or not to be, that is the question..."?
What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula "6, 6, 12" in its ads?
What snack food has ridges?
What is the best-selling book of all time?
What bird can swim but can't fly?
What's the second-lightest element?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas?
In what war did we land on Normandy Beach?
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds?
What product can be used to remove grease from clothing?
Which breakfast cereal brought you "the best each morning"?
What predators exist on Antarctica?
Jude Law acted in which film?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess?
What is the primary language of the Philippines?
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21, 1891?
What famed tennis tournament's men's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win?
What happened on Dec. 7, 1941?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner.
What amazon.com book has the most number of copies sold?
What was the last movie John Wayne appeared in?
What are different products of petroleum?
What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter?
What cooking oil has "corn goodness"?
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall?
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up?
What is the fastest fish in the world?
What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then, but then it goes away, after a while?
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide?
What is the Jewish bible called?
What war did the Wan na-Go-Home Riots occur after?
What is a fear of cholera?
What four tournaments make up tennis 'Grand Slam?
What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics?
When is the last time a hurricane hit Cuba?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake?
What is a fear of points?
What's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini?
What is a fear of being dirty?
What's the term for any four-sided figure?
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S.?
What film marked Robert Redford's directorial debut?
What is a fear of gravity?
What is it that walks on four legs, then on two legs, then on three?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen?
What is your favorite book?
What kind of tree graces Lebanon's flag?
What is the main ingredient of yogurt?
What animal do buffalo wings come from?
What kind of creatures are black, yellow, and brown bullheads?
Which ear can most people hear better with?
What was the food of the Greek gods called?
What Shakespeare play opens with the line: "Now is the winter of our discontent..."?
India is famous for which art?
In what movie did Judy Garland sing Somewhere Over The Rainbow?
What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died?
What is the chemical formula for napalm?
What is a fear of worms?
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians?
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called?
What Aesop's fable has the moral: "The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win"?
What was the first Sam Spade novel?
What does it take to become a lawyer?
What is a fear of glass?
What attack happened on American soil?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito?
In order from the top, the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors?
What's approaching when a cyclist shouts: "Oil"?
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world?
What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955?
What movie has made the most money?
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing's fear?
What is the best selling computer model ever?
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts?
Which organ helps you to see?
What is a fear of odors, body,?
What is a fear of sourness?
What's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake?
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships?
What is Dr. Seuss 'most popular book?
What animal has the biggest eyes?
What card suit originally represented the peasant class?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection?
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S.?
What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself?
What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds?
What is the name of the "female"counterpart to El Nino, which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather?
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux?
What's the highest-ranking suit in bridge?
What's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge?
What is the name of the Family Circus's dog?
What was the name of the computer in "2001: A Space Odyssey"?
What's the term for an organism that lives on or in another?
Where would you get a plantar's wart?
What did San Francisco's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974?
What is a fear of touching?
What is Jell-O made from?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called?
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business?
What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight?
What scale measures earthquakes?
What is the name of the part of your body that connects your foot to your leg?
What concerts are held in New York this week?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival?
What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance?
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China?
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays?
What TV series featured Neal, a martini-drinking St. Bernard?
What songs were popular in 1948?
which was the first transplanted parts in human body?
What horror movie was claimed the most scary movie of all time?
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance?
What colors is magenta made of?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford's The Incredible Journey?
What are the 7 Wonders of the World?
What did brontosauruses eat?
What is Nebraska's most valuable resource?
What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life?
What is the most expensive painting of all time?
What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus?
What's the official language of Algeria?
What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon's lead dog?
What card game derived its name from biritch, or Russian Whist?
What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible?
What soft drink not only has its own video game, but was featured in its own Marvel comic book?
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide?
What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species?
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times?
What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass?
What was the first video ever made?
What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy?
In the Miller Lite TV commercial, who is the creature?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower?
What cards are bullets?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear?
The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what?
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21, 1913?
What is the second hardest substance?
What is the English translation for the word "caliente"?
What's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach?
What British TV series inspired All in the Family?
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise?
What is a fear of parasites?
What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet?
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe's The Pump House Gang?
What 2 statues did France give to other countries?
In what movie is the number nine found in the title?
What six words follow the line: "From a jack to a king..."?
What do sailors use to measure time?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain?
What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S.?
How do you say, "I love you" in other languages?
What is a fear of motion?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in?
What's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas?
what is the main function of the kidney?
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play?
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town?
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl?
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets?
What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines?
What were the first frozen foods?
What is the name of David Letterman's dog?
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard?
What killed Bob Marley?
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross?
Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations?
What is a fear of insanity?
What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull?
What are common methods used to regulate monopolies?
What do humans catch zoonose diseases from?
In what sport are these following numbers relevant: 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177, and 19?
What tools do you use to crewel?
What sport was the first televised in the U.S.?
What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate?
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor?
What did Aaron Hass write?
What is the first book of the Old Testament?
What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020?
What beer tells us, "Grab all the gusto you can get."?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy?
Which one of the following was the last Buddhist text produced in India?
What is a fear of robbers?
What does a collier mine?
Madonna hocks which soft drink?
What is the first movie in india?
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals?
What color, s, appear on boxes of Kodak film?
What's known as The queen of Drinks?
Name a flying mammal.
What was John Steinbeck's travelling companion Charley?
What was Mae West's last film?
What alloy do copper and tin form?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to?
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region?
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth?
What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie, a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night?
What is a fear of money?
how many bones are there in the human body?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint?
What magazine gives us the cream, not the skim?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for?
What is a fear of black people?
What's destroyed in Genesis 19: 24?
Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits?
What first-aid product "Helps the hurt stop hurting"?
What is Nero Wolfe's favorite drink during office hours?
What spice do chefs pay the most for?
What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans?
What's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight?
What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called?
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft?
What does a dipsomaniac crave?
The name of which painting style, based on the name of a district in Bihar literally means "Forest of Honey'?
What is a fear of jealousy?
Where is the human skin least sensitive?
what is the name of instrument used to record high temperature from great dist?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950?
What was "America's recessed-filter cigarette"?
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said: "I still can't believe it- we beat the Russians?"
What does El Nino mean in spanish?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times?
Where is the hpothalamus?
What is your favorite Halloween movie?
how many bones are there in newly born infant?
What can one see in Reims?
What fossilizes to form coprolite?
Which of the following is NOT written by Munshi Premchand?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby?
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother's pail?
What is the fear of frogs?
What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for?
What spider makes a superb pet, even said to recognize its master?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt?
What product features a frog that says "dig"em"?
What cigarette is "a whole new world"?
What World War I battle saw 6, 0 troops killed in one day?
What is a fear of shadows?
What does a phobophobe fear?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for?
What is the term for someone who hates mankind?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments?
What's the favorite food of dragonflies?
What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare?
What soap was touted as being "for people who like people"?
What will a kid eat the middle of, and save the chocolate on the outside for last?
What is a fear of sleep?
What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs, Florida?
What's a male witch called?
The colored part of the human eye that controls how much light passes through the pupil is called the?
What were the trials called which followed World War II?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in?
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton's "Old New York."
What Shakespearean play featured Shylock?
What does Playboy title its "continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers"?
What can communications satellites offer yachts?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible?
What sport does Chris Jogis play?
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194?
What kind of wine is Spumante?
What's the only mammal that can't jump?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear?
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang?
What did Tristan come back as?
What is the best way to overcome a fear?
How do you say "Grandma" in Irish?
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal?
Where does your hair grow the fastest?
What is the 'ology' term for the study or science of the weather?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world?
What are two plants that clothes are made from?
What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument?
What are the conjugations of wake and woke?
Generals Grant and Lee were a part of what war?
What did Thomas Paine write?
What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp?
What was the last Star Trek movie?
What is the name given to a group of geese?
What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx?
What do camels store in their humps?
What's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall?
What's the name of the Tampa newspaper?
What powdered soft drink mix went into space?
What do flatfish eat?
What does a farrier put shoes on?
What is the most radioactive food?
Name Li 'l Abner's favorite Indian drink.
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken?
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy's World?
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka?
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste?
What is a fear of disease?
Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right?
Where is the Achilles tendon?
What is the West Virginia state animal?
What are the snakes of New England?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones's From Here to Eternity?
What species was Winnie the Pooh?
What was the name of Baretta's cockatoo?
What color were their horses?
What is the name of the second space shuttle?
What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn't held between 1940 and 1945?
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray?
What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas, in 1885?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines?
What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980?
what is the name of instrument used to measure the dist covered by a vehicle?
What novel has Big Brother watching?
What fast food is prepared with a "secret blend of 11 herbs and spices?"
What game's board shows the territories of Irkutsk, Yakutsk and Kamchatka?
What instrument does Benny Carter play?
What's the official animal of Canada?
What does a spermologer collect?
What does the Peugeot company manufacture?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine?
The Jewish alphabet is called what?
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196?
How do you say 2 in Latin?
Name of King Arthur's sword?
What is the largest sculpture in the world?
What are the different types of plastic?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in?
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly's Luxury Tax space?
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins?
What is the name of the organ which pumps blood around the body?
What soft drink tells us to "Go Hawaiian"?
What's a "Drinker respirator" better known as?
What new games are available for Nintendo 64?
What is a fear of lice?
What's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange?
What are the ages in comic book lingo?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors?
During what war were the battles of Lexington and Concord?
What's the highest hand in straight poker?
What beer advertised that it had "three rings"?
What's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S.?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer?
What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo?
What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing?
What is "the soft drink for adults"?
What's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid?
What is Ray Bradbury's illustrated man illustrated with?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton?
What is a fear of passing high objects?
What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe?
Where is the frontal lobe?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
Name a tiger that is extinct.
What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick's?
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become?
What was the name of Roy Rogers's dog?
What war saw battles at Parrot's Beak and Black Virgin?
What was the first English play written exclusively for children?
Name the animal that has the longest tail
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting?
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick?
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing?
What is Leonardo da Vinci's most famous painting?
What is the formula to calculate pi?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor?
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what?
What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist?
What type of currency is used in China?
What's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called?
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt?
What does Visine get out?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil's possession by the devil?
What is the world's deadliest infectious disease?
What product "doubles your pleasure, doubles your fun"?
In Hemingway's "Old Man and the Sea," what kind of fish does the old man catch?
What does a pedometer measure?
What's bottled in jeroboams?
What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness?
What kind of animals are Dorsets, Lincolns, Oxfords and Southdowns?
What was the worst hurricane?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935?
What is a fear of everything?
which is the American action- thriller film directed by Jan de Bont in 1994?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced?
What animal occurs in Spielberg's "Jaws"?
What format was VHS's main competition?
What did Abolitionists try to end?
Which mayonnaise refers to itself as "real" mayonnaise?
What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill?
Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet, except Q, with no repeats.
What was the deadliest battle of the Civil War?
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS?
Which gland in the human body is called the master gland?
What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24, 1975?
What is a female rabbit called?
Where is the anvil bone?
What are some of Australia's native flora?
What two vegetables are combined in succotash?
What plants are found in an estuary?
What are some important events of the 1830's?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign?
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion?
What product's ads claim that it "eliminates odors, kills household germs, mold, and mildew"?
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly?
What newspaper serves Salt Lake City?
What's the tallest piece on a chessboard?
What is the most influential book ever written aside from the bible?
What is money made of?
What household facility contains a float ball, ballcock, and overflow tube?
Name four famous cartoon cats.
The second most popular sport worldwide is what?
In 1942 what did Christopher Columbus do?
What kind of creature is a coot?
What series of trials followed World War II?
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be "the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs !"?
What is the fear of being loved?
What's the most popular form of bridge?
Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed.
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace?
Name four comic strips about pilots.
In what movie did Jason Voorhees first appear?
What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ?
What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892?
What is a fear of sinning?
Name the product that is "at your grocer's, at your fingertips."
What is a fear of hair?
What drink contains as many types of rum as possible?
What was the first domesticated bird?
What is Shirley MacLaine known as?
What two body parts grow all your life?
What money was used by them?
What net game sees its women's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup?
Name the soft drink that is "number one in the sun."
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich?
What part of their attire were "pothooks" to cowboys of the Old West?
What is the best brand for a laptop computer?
What's the largest letter in Salvador Dali's signature?
What's the Hungarian word for pepper?
What was the alternate to VHS?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899?
What drink is the best thirst-quencher?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body?
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun?
What does it take to be a hero?
What war added jeep and quisling to the English language?
What was the name of Betty Boop's dog?
What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola?
What's the hardest substance in the human body?
What is a fear of drinking?
What "little red car" is mentioned in pop singer Prince's hit song?
What is a fear of ruin?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth?
What is the name of the substance that gives skin and hair its pigment?
What's the shape of a camel's spine?
What is the fastest computer?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel?
What four tastes can a human distinguish?
What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade?
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192?
What element, from the Periodic Table, is a gas or a solid, but never a liquid?
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas?
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced?
What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal, sulfur and saltpeter?
What board game does a "wood-pusher" play poorly?
What four forms does gold occur in?
What are the names of the different toes?
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command.
What do river otters eat?
What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of?
What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal?
The innermost part of bones contains what?
What is chronic constipation a symptom of?
What money was used here?
What is another word for diet?
What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects?
What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope?
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98?
What are the most common elements in the Earth's crust?
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers?
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as?
What is the longest word in the English language?
What is after death?
In AD 999, what sort of celebrations, fears, were there?
What kind of books does Fodor's publish?
What are the top 5 fiction books of all time?
What is the most popular sports car color?
What's the international radio code word for the letter B?
What is the best selling single cup coffee maker?
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit?
What does the method called "cold fusion" create?
What animal migrates the farthest?
What is Bella Abzug's sartorial trademark?
What is the only vegetable that starts with "z"?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol?
What does a chef coddle eggs in?
What was the name of Captain Bligh's ship?
What's the term for a young fox?
What are "darning needles " and "horse stingers" better known as?
What horse did Zorro ride?
What does saliva consist of?
What is the dot on an the letter i called?
What does a chiropodist treat?
What is the term for a group of geese?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent?
What was the last movie you went to see?
What is a fear of clouds?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for?
What's the most abundant element in the sun?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine?
What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen?
What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943's Old Acquaintance?
What kind of fish is a coney?
What card game can feature dealer's choice?
What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn's We 'll Meet Again?
What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War?
What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin?
What are the stars made of?
Name a Gaelic language.
Which is the largest clock, diameter wise, in Europe?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder?
What is a fear of food?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body?
What sport features slotbacks, tailbacks, and touchbacks?
What do bicornate animals have two of?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey?
What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians?
What's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries?
What household products are there for adult acne?
What is the title of this painting by John Abbott MacNeil Whistler?
What are the three secondary colors?
What are fingernails made of?
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole?
What do ladybugs eat?
What does caliente translate to in English?
What does a topophobic actor suffer from?
What war did the television show M.A.S.H. take place in?
What is "the taste that beats the others cold"?
What type is a snail?
What children's tale contains the line: "Come, Cinderslut, and hold this skein of wool for me"?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking?
What did the Congress of Vienna establish?
What tale has the moral: "He who wants everything gets nothing"?
What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers, like 9-8-98?
What is a fear of women?
What did British companies stick 175, 0 tons of tea into in 1982?
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a "slane" to cut?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called?
What is a fear of food?
What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus?
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to?
What magazine paid $ 5, 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy's assassination?
What film ends with the line: "This is Mrs. Norman Maine"?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops?
What does ribavirin consist of?
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis's yacht?
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999?
What oldtime kids 'fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call "one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history"?
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as: involuntary movements, tics, swearing, and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, shouts, etc.?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932?
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899?
What happened on Dec. 11, 1620?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character?
When it's time to relax, what one beer stands clear?
Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS?
What drink is formed of tequila, orange juice and galliano?
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at?
What is a fear of children?
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin?
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church?
What is a 2-sided object called?
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of?
What whisky is "known by the company it keeps"?
What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients?
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $ 15 a word to write a bullfighting article?
What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross?
What is another name for nearsightedness?
which is the most expensive painting ever sold?
What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named?
What "melts in your mouth, not in your hands".
How many lungs does the human body have?
What's a Craps player called?
What product does "Mrs. Olsen" promote?
What kind of science is cosmology?
Which was the most expensive black-and-white movie ever made in hollywood?
What was Franklin Roosevelt's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression?
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft?
What words in the English have two u's back to back?
What was the name of the "Little Rascals" dog?
What's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent?
What was the orca's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World?
What book opens: "At a certain village in La Mancha, which I shall not name..."?
In what war did the Battle of Gettysburg take place?
What are the most albums sold by one artist or band?
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict?
What's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal?
What common ailment can't you catch at the North Pole?
What TV show premiered on January 15, 1981?
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu, meaning cover fire?
What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar?
What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable?
What is a fear of punishment?
In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion?
What do Italians call Florence?
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?
What car was driven in the 199 release of "Smokey and the Bandit"?
What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole?
What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon?
What are some translations of the phrase "Thank-you"?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893?
What dropped 1, 313 feet in 1980?
At Christmas time, what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe?
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness?
What is the unit of measurement of the dist of stars from the earth?
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated?
What is the most common cancer?
What is a fear of trees?
What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds?
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS?
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks?
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh?
Which of the following helps in clotting of blood?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing?
What book has the detailed description of Roman history?
What daily newspaper will "help you see clearer across the USA"?
What English word has the most letters?
What color are school buses?
What types of water pollution are there?
What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer?
What are the first ten amendements passed?
What's the Southern dish made of pigs'small intestines?
What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often?
What does a resurrectionist steal?
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years?
What are the four most widely-used languages in North America?
What are the main blood vessels?
What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass?
What is the correct way to use "may " vs. "might"?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box?
What drink is made up of rum, coconut milk and pineapple?
What's the literary term for a play on words?
What is a fear of failure?
What mammal of North America is the world's longest-lived for its size?
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News?
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism?
What is one of the languages of the Sioux?
What stringed weapon fires a bolt?
What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots?
What international sport was originally called hurley?
What's the U.S. Navy hymn?
What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II?
What is the best way to remove wallpaper?
What does a philatelist collect?
What do the Japanese call Japan?
What war saw battles at Parrot's Beak and Black Virgin?
What's the colored part of the eye called?
What's the green variety of beryl called?
What product did William Horlick discover and produce?
What were Baffin, Frobisher and Franklin looking for?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection?
What is the weakest bone in the body?
What is a fear of machinery?
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy, weight loss, and weight lifting?
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message "Barkis is willin" to Peggy?
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat?
What is the name of the biggest part of the human brain?
What credit card features a centurion on its face?
What is a fear of going to bed?
What are the 28 tenses in the English language?
What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent?
What color is most often used to symbolize truth?
What was Connecticut's first constitution called?
What is Latin for incompetent?
What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning, IRL?
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter?
What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952, 1953 and 1954?
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons?
What happened on January 15, 1969?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle?
Where is insulin produced?
What's the term for a bet before cards are dealt?
What do you call a book of quotes?
What was Paul Bunyan's ox's name?
Which language has the most words?
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan?
What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia?
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric?
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition: "Row well and live"?
What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin's fan?
What race is 1, 137 miles long?
What is a golf ball made of?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution?
What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted.
Where are white blood cells made?
What is a film starring Jude Law?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl?
What is a fear of color?
What's the most disgusting food you ever ate in a rest?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in?
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with?
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection?
What is "the bear of beers"?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones's From Here to Eternity?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called?
What type of exercise burns the most calories?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent?
In Kafka's Metamorphosis, the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what?
What is the first movie to be shown in 3D?
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863?
What is a fear of rejection?
What toy can you make sleep?
What is the longest chemical name, consisting of 35 letters?
What Broadway musical featured the song, "If I were a rich man?"
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium?
What are the different approaches of systems analysis?
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism?
What does a woman want?
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University?
What food can I use to catch a possum?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk?
What animals can live the longest without food?
What currency is used in Australia?
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley?
What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights?
What are the wolverine habits?
What flag flies over Wake Island?
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport?
What can be used to hear music, when you are travelling for long hours?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium's flag?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome?
What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, and Sidney Greenstreet?
What's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America?
What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy's assassination?
Where is the iris?
What animal has been called The Poor Man's Cow?
Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking?
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in?
What is a fear of strong light?
What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 degrees?
What's the second-most-used vowel in English?
Italy is the largest producer of what?
What is the fear of cockroaches called?
What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles?
What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner?
What does Knight Ridder publish?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level?
What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook?
How do you say "eat the day" in Latin?
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from?
What playing card symbolizes death?
Who were John F. Kennedy's dogs?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger?
What is a fear of fish?
What is a fear of cold?
Where is food processed in the human body?
Which infectious disease is the world's deadliest?
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide?
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles?
What letter does Gorbachev's middle name start with?
What film was Jude Law in?
What generation am I in?
What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show?
What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator?
What is your favorite Stephen King novel?
What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle?
What beer is "rockin"America?"
What's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium?
What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of, in 1960?
Which is the most-used computer program?
What color are a cherry tree's flowers?
What is the celtic symbol for "life"?
What did Jimmy Stewart invent?
What's the dumbest domesticated animal?
What was John F. Kennedy's 1960 campaign song?
What are the five basic swimming strokes?
What do penguins eat?
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan?
What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War?
Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack?
What is a fear of being cold?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice?
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain?
Mississippi is nicknamed what?
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879, eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881?
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft?
What is the first movie done by Ronald Reagan?
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth?
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand?
What two major world religions began in India?
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another?
What foods contain the most protein?
What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost?
What are birds descendents of?
Which is the best opening move in chess?
What infectious disease is the world's deadliest?
What is the world's best selling cookie?
What are the first six words of Dickens's A Tale of Two Cities?
What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983, surpassing corn?
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5, 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris?
What is the treatment for depression?
What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war?
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper.
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples.
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts?
What program do I need to run a.tbk file?
What's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play?
What is the name of Jamiroquai new album?
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house?
What does a tarantula eat?
What's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage?
What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans?
What is the largest snake in the world?
Who was the first animal into space?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol?
What is a fear of hell?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s?
What is a fear of childbirth?
What was lost and regained by poet John Milton?
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts?
Which mammal lives, breeds, eats, and sleeps underground?
What three colors are on the French flag?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars?
What song put James Taylor in the limelight?
What do you call a "twirl" in ballet?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil?
What animal causes the biggest threat to humans?
Paris is famous for which art?
What color is an Arctic fox in winter?
What is the most famous book written by Sidney Sheldon?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in?
What molecules include fluorine, sodium and magnesium?
What's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans?
What card game has variations called Canfield, Klondike and Spider?
What is a fear of crystals or glass?
What was Dwight Eisenhower's favorite card game?
What color is "ash"?
What video format was an alternative to VHS?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid?
What is the collective noun for geese?
What are the four elements?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession?
What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes?
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27?
Name the first graphical movie?
What does Salk vaccine prevent?
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley?
What constitutes an adult?
What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly?
Name a movie that the actress, Sandra Bullock, had a role in.
What is the name of Kevin Costner's movie about Sioux Indians?
What are the top vegetable crops in the world?
What did 8, CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN.
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross?
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain?
What is the alphabet for Latin?
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design?
What did The Gas House Gang play?
What is a fear of water?
What is your favorite science fiction movie?
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races?
What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate?
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg?
What happened on July 4, 1776?
In what movie is the Overlook Hotel featured?
What is Dudley Do-Right's horse's name?
The world's first commercial motion picture exhibition was held in which year?
What kind of crystals exist?
In what war did the United States drop an atomic bomb?
What was the education system in the 1960's?
What is a fear of speaking?
What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann?
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching?
What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown?
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear?
What is a softball made of?
What are the two languages of Malta?
Which book in the Twilight Series is your favorite?
What turns blue litmus paper red?
Which of the five senses develops first?
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an "inoperative statement"?
What are Halloween's colors?
What do peacocks mate with?
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran's outfit?
What animal's tail is called a brush?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer?
What was the sequel to The Pink Panther?
What movie did John Carpentar direct about Michael Meyers?
Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor?
The Jewish alphabet is known as what?
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985?
In which one of the following Sessions was the Indian National Congress split into Moderates and Extremists?
What plant has the largest seed?
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man's best companion in space?
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant?
What movie starred Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo?
What are dinosaur droppings called?
What is the former name of Zimbabwe?
Where in the human body is the largest concentration of muscles?
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck.
Aspartame is known by what other name?
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh?
What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie?
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood?
In Beetle Bailey, can you name Sarge's dog?
What color were Ernest Hemingway's eyes?
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink?
What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967?
What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899?
How do you say I love you in Spanish?
Who is the father of the computer?
Who sought to create The Great Society?
Who is Dear Abby?
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe?
Who is Terrence Malick?
What dictator has the nickname "El Maximo"?
What Good Little Witch is Casper's girlfriend?
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel's official mascot?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived, what was his original name?
Who are cartoondom's Super Six?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon?
Whose first presidential order was: "Let's get this goddamn thing airborne"?
What creative genius said: "Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits"?
Who's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize?
Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season?
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show, "Jake and the Fatman"?
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county's largest amount of cocaine ever?
Who said "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself"?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion?
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended?
What is Nicholas Cage's profession?
What boxer's life story is titled Raging Bull?
What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842?
What are the characters 'names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon?
Who declared: "I think I"ll go out and milk the elk"?
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald, creator of the hero Lew Archer?
Who wrote the song, "Silent Night"?
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man's armor?
Who is Zebulon Pike?
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter?
Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity?
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad's "Heart of Darkness"?
What professional sports league originated the college draft?
Who is Barbara Jordan?
What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz?
What doctor claimed in a 1946 book: "There is no such thing as a bad boy"?
Who was Maria Theresa?
Name 11 famous martyrs.
What professional cricketer's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London?
What's the name of the star of the cooking show, "Galloping Gourmet"?
What are Arnold Palmer's fans called?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953's most promising star?
What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US?
Who made the rotary engine automobile?
What company was the original sponsor of TV's Superman?
Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15, 1972?
What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln?
What king boycotted Prince Charles's wedding?
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering?
Who was the first American world chess champion?
What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic?
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth?
Who was Shakespeare's Moorish general?
Who invented Astroturf?
Who was Samuel Johnsons's friend and biographer?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia?
What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses?
What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House?
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration?
Who was President Cleveland's wife?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations?
Who has the only speaking role in "Silent Movie"?
What baseball star turned down a $ 1, 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming?
What tennis player has the nickname "Nasty"?
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown's School Days?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars?
Who said: "Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away"?
Who invented the road traffic cone?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes?
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol?
What are the four railways in Monopoly?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times?
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange?
Who was Darius?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election?
Who wrote The Collector?
What are the five most popular Usenet groups?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie?
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953's Stalag 17?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can?
Who earns their money the hard way?
Who is Stein Eriksen?
Who wrote the song, "Stardust"?
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine?
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer?
Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity?
What "marvelous" major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company?
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983?
What diamond producer controls about 80 % of the world's diamonds?
What company's trademark was His Master's Voice?
What company sells the most greeting cards?
What is the most common boy's or girl's name?
What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971?
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show's host?
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail?
What double talking "professor" holds a doctorate in Nothing?
Who were the "filthiest people alive?"
Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds?
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp?
Who won the Superbowl in?
What is the first personal computer company?
Who headed Hitler's infamous Gestapo?
What is the oldest profession?
What stereo manufacturer is "Slightly ahead of its time"?
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules?
What high school does Archie attend?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury?
What is the name of Dolly Parton's rarely seen husband?
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as "Do ya lo-o-ove me? Get naked, baby !"?
Who is Archie Bunker's son-in-law?
What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia?
What cable network bills itself as "the family entertainer"?
What was called the world's largest department store?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL?
Who is William Wordsworth?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat's neighborhood?
Using clues from the document itself, its form, and its content, who is the intended audience for the text?
What wrestling star became "The Incredible Hulk"?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform?
Name of heroine in "Scruples"?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids.
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion?
Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters?
Who wrote "The Pines of Rome"?
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze, quit show business, and then quit the business?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus?
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army?
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for?
Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick.
What engineer invented the pull-tab can?
What was the nickname of Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree?
Who provides telephone service in Orange County, California?
Who was the founder of Sunga dynasty?
What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes?
What famous comic strip character died of acne?
What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye?
Which classical Spanish writer said "All that glitters is not gold"?
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans?
What President's favorite Biblical quotation was: "Come now, and let us reason together".
What are the top boy names in the U.S.?
Who is Robin Williams?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame?
Name Alvin's brothers
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world?
Who is Coronado?
What President once told Gene Autry: "Please give my regards to your wife Dale"?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate?
Who's played the most games for the New York Yankees?
Who turned all he touched to gold?
What does Larry King do for a living?
Who started the newspaper called " The Voice of India"?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot?
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios 'films?
Who was Sherlock Holmes's archenemy?
Who owns the rights on a TV program?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman?
What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde?
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante?
Who did Doris Day mean when she said: "I call him Ernie because he's certainly no Rock"?
Who is the prime minister of Japan?
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver?
Who wrote "The Pit and the Pendulum"?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969: "We"ll win- I guarantee it"?
What civilization invented the arch?
Which of the following actors worked in New York's Yiddish Theater?
President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom?
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn's current actor boyfriend?
Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars?
What was Al Capone's nickname?
Who created Dennis the Menace?
What police force did Mack Sennett create?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor?
Who sings the song "Drink to me with thine eyes" by Ben Johnson?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America?
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games?
Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire?
Who makes the "Die Hard" car battery?
What is Dr. Ruth's last name?
What camera company said, "If you haven't got the time, we"ve got the camera?"
What actor's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays?
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized: "There's nothing that stokes the fire like hate"?
What's the name of Popeye's adopted son?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in?
Who killed Martin Luther King?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson's Bakery?
Who found Hawaii?
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle?
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor?
Name a female figure skater.
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa?
What singer's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf?
Who made the deodorant that claimed that it "actually builds up resistance to odor"?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches.
What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall's neurotic brother, Duane?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193's?
Who penned: "Neither a borrower nor a lender be"?
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners?
What are the three most successful companies of our time?
What was Marilyn Monroe's real name?
What company's logo is a "W" in a circle?
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa?
Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942's Yankee Doodle Dandy?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people?
Who was the last woman executed in England?
Who claimed to be the world's most perfectly-developed man?
Who is Colin Powell?
Name of heroine in "Scruples"?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps?
Who created the Fantastic Four, Hulk, and Thor?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay?
Who has won the most Super Bowls?
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America?
What is Nathan Hamill's role in the new Star Wars prequel?
What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times?
Who painted Mother and Child?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team?
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve?
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s?
Who is Johnny Carson?
Who is Samuel Pickering?
What American actress was the first to be called a "vamp"?
What's comic strip photographer Peter Parker's secret identity?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns?
What kind of business is 7-Eleven?
Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa, published in 1857?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty?
Who invented the fountain?
Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show?
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads.
What's the name of the actress who starred in the movie, "Silence of the Lambs"?
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history?
Who was Ben Casey's boss?
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia?
Who are the top 10 richest people in the world?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia's Pilot?
Name Dick Tracy's two children.
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed?
Who declared: "I am down on whores and I shan't stop ripping them"?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis?
Who wrote "Much Ado About Nothing"?
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with?
Who is the owner of CNN?
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946?
What is Alice Cooper's real name?
Who's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice?
Who played for the Chicago Bears, Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career?
Who said "What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?"
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history?
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export?
What actress's autobiography is titled Shelley: Also Known as Shirley?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft?
What girl's name is "Teddy" an affectionate form of?
Which presidents of the USA were Masons?
What is Pittsburgh's baseball team called?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for?
What is the world's largest distilling company?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively?
Name the poet of the poem which begins: I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen, and untamed?
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II?
What army's motto is Blood and Fire?
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany?
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single?
What Russian composer's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune?
What manufacturers are there in Texas?
What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie?
What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry?
What English queen had seventeen children?
Who was Santos-Dumont?
Who was Lauren Bacall's first husband?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint?
Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia?
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics?
What English explorer discovered and named Virginia?
What university fired Angela Davis?
Who was the first king of England?
What TV comedian worked with White Fang, Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion?
What is Michael Jackson's middle name?
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire?
What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living?
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor?
Who was considered to be the father of psychology?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single?
What company started out making pies, and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys?
What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984?
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President's Men?
Who discovered electricity?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years?
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West.
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what?
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions?
CNN is owned by whom?
Who was the first woman in space?
Which member of Charlie's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats?
What is Steve Rogers's profession when he's not Captain America?
What was American folk hero John Chapman's nickname?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism.
What is Goldfinger's first name?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists?
Who founded the Unification Church?
When called upon to surrender, what American general replied, "Sir, I have not yet begun to fight."?
Who was the lead actress in the movie "Sleepless in Seattle"?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for?
Who was actress June Havoc's legendary sister?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans 'Fund and kept them for himself?
Who was the 1st U.S. President?
Who were the Yankee's frequent enemies?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper?
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for?
Which company claimed to be "the world's biggest toy store"?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant "stalled car" in Japanese as its new international name?
Who wrote the Bible?
Who is the richest person in the world?
Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House.
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown?
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in "Dead Poets Society"?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse?
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon?
What TV comediennes's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond, secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice?
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984?
What poet wrote: "... I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep"?
Who played the original Charlie's Angels?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain?
What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for?
What is the best art and design school in the world?
Who said: "The victor will never be asked if he told the truth"?
What actress starred in "The Lion in Winter"?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft?
Who was Randy Steven Craft's lawyer?
Who domesticated the wild turkey?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth?
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks?
Who is Count Cinzano?
When not adventuring on Rann, what does Adam Strange call his profession?
What basketball player is credited with 23, 924 rebounds?
What famous soldier was born in Europe, died in Asia, and was laid to rest in Africa?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines?
The book Unto the Last which influenced Gandhijiwas written by?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to?
What is "the airline built for professional travelers"?
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents?
What cigarette company urged us, "Come to where the flavor is?"
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise?
What's the name of Pittsburgh's baseball team?
Who is the premier of China?
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
What kind of organization is "Last Chance for Animals"?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman?
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July, 1984?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth?
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan?
Who is the author of the book ""Three Decades in Parliament""?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks?
What British monarch's lap did P.T. Barnum's Tom Thumb sit in?
Who was Ezra Taft Benson?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated?
Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality?
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time?
What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel?
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks?
Who was Thucydides?
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency.
Who was the author of the novel "Far From the Madding Crowd"?
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder?
Who was the architect of Central Park?
Who is the author of the book, "The Iron Lady: A Biography of Margaret Thatcher"?
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century, which opened Janurary 1, 1935?
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf?
Who was the first host of Person to Person?
What is Li'l Abner's last name?
Who was Charles Lindbergh's wife?
What is the most common name?
What was the previous name for the Commonwealth?
Who wrote the book, "Huckleberry Finn"?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989?
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver?
What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel?
What cigar-chewing comedian observed: "You"re only as old as the woman you feel"?
Who invented "The Muppets"?
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne?
Who killed Kurt Cobain?
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789?
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks's Silent Movie?
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings?
Who makes the "cross-your-heart bra"?
What are the names of Richard Nixon's two daughters?
Who is the composer of "Canon in D Major"?
What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim?
What U.S. vice-president once declared: "If you 've seen one slum, you"ve seen them all"?
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe?
Which organization is the Security Council a part of?
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s?
Who markets Spaghetti-o's?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall, a Greenwich Village gay bar?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio?
What name did football's New York Titans adopt in 1963?
Who portrayed Etta Place, companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside?
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas?
Who were the 1974 Oscar winners?
Who was Hitler's minister of propaganda?
Who was Jane Goodall?
Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote "A_Tisket, A-Tasket"?
What toy company is the world's No.1 maker of female apparel?
What was the name given the 6, 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise?
Who translated Ramayana into Persian?
What TV detective did Craig Stevens play?
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt?
What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for?
What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents?
Who is the worst US President ever?
Who came up with the name, El Nino?
Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar?
What was Thatcher's first name?
Who was Buffalo Bill?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City?
Name the company that used the line, "Even your best friend won't tell you" in its ad?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft?
Who is the president of Stanford University?
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks?
Who invented the Wonderbra?
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising?
Name a South African diamond producer?
What is a person called that likes fire?
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever?
Who were the five Marx brothers?
What's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games?
What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park, New York?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock?
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary?
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe?
What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze's job in the Soviet Union?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC's Justice League of America?
Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman?
What college enlivens Hanover, New Hampshire?
What's the name of Tom Sawyer's aunt with whom he lives?
Who are the top ten richest people in the world?
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship?
Who was Jean Nicolet?
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer?
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier?
What is the present Pope named?
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement, $ 85 million, in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as "Space Man"?
Who painted "Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon"?
Who patented the first phonograph?
Which author is a Bengali writer and an Oscar winning film director?
Who is the author of the book 'Nineteen Eighty Four'?
What was the name of Darth Vader's son?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace "in his novel NN Neuromancer"?
Who is Desmond Tutu?
Who deciphered the Brahmi script?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen?
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington, D.C.?
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall's?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse?
Who did Dita Beard work for?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate?
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died?
What actor, who had greatest fame on TV, became the father of triplets?
What English playwright penned: "Where the bee sucks, so shall I"?
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree?
What's the most common surname in America?
Who stopped making diary entries on May 31, 1669, because he thought he was going blind?
Who was the girl in Peter Sellers's soup?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos?
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes?
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage?
What store claims to be the world's largest department store?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove?
Who is the president of Bolivia?
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad?
What was football star Elroy Hirsch's nickname?
Who created the character James Bond?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped?
Who is Karenna Gore, Al Gore's oldest daughter, married to?
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of?
What people make up half the Soviet Union's population?
What singer's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain?
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production?
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985?
Who created the comic strip, "Garfield"?
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984?
Who is King in Alley Oop's home of Moo?
Who is the author of the book ""A Voice for Freedom""?
What major airline has the best safety record in the world?
Who was America's first Public Enemy No. 1?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler's long reign?
What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips?
Who created Harry Lime?
Who founded the modern theory of probability?
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz?
Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what?
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70's?
Who protects DC Comics 'realm of dreams?
Who developed the first polio vaccine?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called "The Cuckoo's Egg: Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage"?
Who reports the weather on the "Good Morning America" television show?
Who is the founder of Scientology?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like?
Who gave King Arthur the round table?
What artist's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre?
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians "an example of the failure of socialism"?
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election?
What New Orleans D.A. claimed: "My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago"?
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died?
What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup?
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations, known as "jellies".
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S.?
Who created the character of Scrooge?
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart's club in Casablanca?
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy?
What California governor said: "Inaction may be the highest form of action"?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994?
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life?
Who won the rugby world cup in?
What's the better-known identity of John Merrick, the noble ogre of Victorian England?
Who invented baseball?
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons?
What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families?
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0?
Who discovered imaginary numbers?
Who wrote "Hamlet"?
Who invented Make-up?
What was the name of the director of the movie "Jaws"?
Who is the mayor of Marbella?
Who is the leader of India?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life?
What comic of TV's golden age went by the motto "Anything for a laugh"?
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon's abdication?
What is Jimmy Olsen's full name?
What American poet wrote: "Good fences make good neighbors"?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards?
Who invented the radio?
Who was the inventor of silly putty?
Name a French fascist party.
Who was the president of Vichy France?
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise?
Who was the Indian to make a movie?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym.
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter?
Who was Camp David named for?
Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom?
Who is Samuel F. Pickering?
Who's the only president buried in Washington
What two baseball players make up the battery?
What's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party?
Who was William Henry Harrison?
Which king signed the Magna Carta?
Who was the tallest U.S. president?
Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate?
What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks?
What is Supergirl's secret identity?
Who created "The Muppets"?
What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft?
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood, the Dakota territory?
What is the best distance education university or college?
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler's father?
What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron?
What knighted actor narrates TV's The World at War?
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader?
What fast-food magnate's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres 'baseball uniforms in 1984?
Whom does Uncle Duke's girl friend, Honey, room with?
Who is the current UN Secretary General?
The lawyer who represented Randy Craft, what was his name?
What American naval officer broke Japan's isolationist policy in 1853?
Who manufactures the software, "PhotoShop"?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play?
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen?
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt?
Who replies "I know " to Princess Leia's confession "I love you" in The Empire Strikes Back?
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce?
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth?
Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie, not 1985?
Who died with more than 1, 000 U.S. patents to his credit?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Who is Langston Hughes?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees?
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant?
Name a band which was famous in the 1960's.
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon, Utah?
Who runs Andy Capp's favorite pub?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler.
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on?
What king is satirized in the line: "The King was in the countinghouse, counting all his money"?
Who made the first airplane that could fly?
Who invented television?
What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat?
Who is John Macarthur, 1767-1834?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL?
Who was the first man to return to space?
Who was the 3rd president of the United States?
What was the name of Randy Steven Craft's lawyer?
Rotary engines used to be made by whom?
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff?
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses?
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S., what moving company transported it?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach?
What is Michael Jackson's father's name?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show?
What was the name of Randy Craft's lawyer?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league?
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex?
What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman?
What was Michelangelo's last name?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks?
Who is Westview High's band director in Funky Winkerbean?
Who killed Caesar?
What company produces Spumante?
What does Robin Williams do?
Who killed JFK?
Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady?
Who's the founder and editor of The National Review?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine?
Who is the director of the British museum?
What schools in the Washington, DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN.
What President served for five years, six months and 2 days?
Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County?
What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of "less is more," and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13?
Who directed The Wild Bunch?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg?
Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson's name on a $ 1, 000 check?
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives?
Who is Peter Weir?
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978?
What kind of people took part in Shays 'Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787?
Who among the following was a Satavahana ruler?
Name Pittsburgh's baseball team.
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters?
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match?
Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty?
Who directed Citizen Kane?
What is the name of a Greek god?
Who won the first World Series?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell?
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin, the stars of TV's Laugh-In?
Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland?
Who invented the game Scrabble?
What was Mao, the Chinese leader's, full name?
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950?
What government department did The Untouchables work for?
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre?
Who claimed he killed 4, 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway?
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein?
Who was Gerald Ford's vice president?
What was the name of "The Muppets" creator?
What American League baseball team's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers?
Who invented the process to make condensed milk?
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City?
Who was Jinnah?
Who shoplifts?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush?
What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again, off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood?
Who is the President of Ghana?
Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck.
Who shot Billy the Kid?
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator?
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics?
What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with?
Who killed more people, Hitler or Stalin?
Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald?
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick?
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies?
What is the Viking Prince's first name?
Who is Rocky's and Bullwinkle's ever-lost friend?
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933?
What was Fred Astaire's dancing partner's name?
What was Mao's second name?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles?
Who portrayed "Rosanne Rosanna-Dana " on the television show "Saturday Night Live"?
What U.S. vice-president said: "Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it"?
Who invented the game bowling?
What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and, sporting No. 39, almost collapsed during the road race?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams?
Who does data collection in tourism?
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP "?
What occupation has the highest divorce rate?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg?
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell's Great Lion of God?
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers?
What's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine?
What is a society ruled by elders?
What woman was Time's Man of the Year for 1952?
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed?
What college did Joe Namath play football for?
Who's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band?
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story?
What is the best Internet business to go into?
Who wrote The Godfather?
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul's Cathedral in London?
Who is the Greek God of the Sea?
What piano company claims its product is the "Instrument of the immortals"?
Who is the Queen of Holland?
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called?
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way?
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale "Snow White and Seven Dwarfs"?
Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose?
Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate?
What president also became a supreme court justice?
Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples?
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman?
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska?
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle?
Who is Shirley MacLaine?
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling?
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings?
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal?
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called "JDR3"?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts?
Who amongst the following is the author of the book ""We The People""?
Who is the Voyager project manager?
What fictional character is known as the "melancholy Dane"?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a "star" on Hollywood Boulevard?
Who played the father on "Charles in Charge"?
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School?
Who is the Pope?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea?
Who wrote Brave New World?
Name Randy Craft's lawyer.
What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935?
Who told all in Ball Four?
Which famous national leader of India has written books on the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates and the ancient Roman king Marcus Aurelius?
Who is known as "the world's oldest teenager"?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles?
What is her husband's name?
Who invented batteries?
What is Larry King's job?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School?
Who is Snoopy's arch-enemy?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales?
What U.S. university boasts the largest library?
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate?
Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr., and Michael Wilding?
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing?
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins?
Who killed Gandhi?
What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze?
Who is the "Queen Mother"?
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971?
Who asked the musical question: "Have you ever been to electric lady land?"
Who was the first American in space?
Who wrote "The Scarlet Letter"?
Who portrayed "the man without a face" in the movie of the same name?
Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald?
What baseball player was walked the most times?
Who invented panties?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut's comic strip?
What U.S. general died December 1, 1945, when his jeep collided with a truck?
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6, 1981?
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs?
Who is the creator of "The Muppets"?
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills.
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive, Ottawa?
Who was Israel's first prime minister?
Who wrote the book, "The Grinch Who Stole Christmas"?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races?
What was her real name?
Who wrote the poem that starts "I love your lips when they"re wet with wine and red with a warm desire"?
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the "American Girl" doll collection?
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison's son, who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic?
Who is the Antichrist?
Who is the prime minister of Australia?
Who is Malaysia's 43rd prime minister?
What is Nicholas Cage's occupation?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear.
Who created Billy Pilgrim, a survivor of the Dresden firestorm?
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars?
Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria?
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child?
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend?
Who was the oldest U.S. president?
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake?
Rotary engine cars were made by what company?
Who wrote: "Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree"?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM?
Who won World War II?
What company markets a shampoo "for brunettes only"?
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County?
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess?
Who was Monet?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau?
Who was the first elected mayor of Washington, D.C.?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage?
Who was the captain of the tanker, Exxon Valdez, involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound, Alaska, 1989?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild?
What kind of company is 7-Eleven?
What was the man's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr?
Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft?
What woman has carried the most multiple births, twins, triplets, etc.,?
What team did baseball's St. Louis Browns become?
Who's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon?
What was Darth Vader's son named?
What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism?
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80's?
Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza?
What is her profession?
Who said: "What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?"
What is Larry King's occupation?
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft.
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying?
Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown's baseball team?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it's history?
Who was the first person to study the stars?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell?
Who was the first Taiwanese President?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962?
What French designer declared: "The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped !"?
Who invented the electric guitar?
What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966?
Who sang the song "Hooked on a Feeling " in the dancing baby episode of "Ally Mcbeal"?
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit?
Who is the richest woman in the world?
What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars?
Who invented the horoscope?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows?
Who is the author of the book ""My Experiments with Truth""?
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman?
Who is the author of the Novel ""A Farewell to Arms""?
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares?
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover, and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage.
Who said: "Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit"?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the "super system"?
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show?
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S.?
Who said, "I shall return." during World War Two?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street, Independence, Missouri?
Who was Red Grange?
Who is Charles Lindbergh?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips?
Which two inventors invented Post-its?
Who is the head of the World Bank?
Who was the inventor of the stove?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space.
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for?
What TV character said ; "One of these days, Alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
Who made the first airplane?
What is the name of Miss India 1994?
What World War II leader declared: "The blow has been struck"?
Who invented the stethoscope?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner?
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A?
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres?
Who directed "Jaws"?
who was the political and cultural centre of the Pandyas?
Who founded the People's Temple Commune?
What is the best college in the country?
What President was meant for, but never placed in, the empty crypt beneath the capital's rotunda?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship?
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy?
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden?
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD?
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress?
Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials.
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870?
Who does Shakespeare's Antonio borrow 3, 0 ducats from?
What actor first portrayed James Bond?
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams?
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university?
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me?
Who makes chicken "finger lickin" good?
What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as "Baby"?
Who is the president of the Spanish government?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons?
What baseball team was routinely called "dem bums" by its frustrated fans?
What was the name of the Titanic's captain?
What company named one of its pens "The Banana"?
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy?
What's the most common name in nursery rhymes?
What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium?
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe?
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles?
Who sent the brief message "I came, I saw, I conquered"?
Who is the Author of'the Three Musketeers'?
What mystery writer penned "...the glory that was Greece, and the grandeur that was Rome"?
What is Drew Barrymore's middle name?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million?
What football coach's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones?
Who followed Caesar?
What is the name of Joan Jett's band?
Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books?
In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand?
Who owns CNN?
Who is Edmund Kemper?
Name the tree growing company.
What's Japan's largest car manufacturer?
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas?
What actor said in A Day at the Races: "Either he's dead or my watch has stopped"?
Who was the author of "John Brown's Body"?
Who is the President of Pergament?
Who provided the foundation of the British Museum?
Who is the Prophet of Medina?
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress?
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse?
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill?
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield, Illinois?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda?
What classical Spanish writer warned: "All that glitters is not gold"?
What is the real name of the singer, Madonna?
Who is Pia Zadora's millionaire husband and mentor?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature, in 1948?
What was Queen Victoria's title regarding India?
What former African leader held his country's boxing title for nine years?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion?
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions?
Who invented silly putty?
Who wrote the book, "Song of Solomon"?
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space?
What actor married John F. Kennedy's sister?
Who developed potlatch?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president.
What actor and actress have made the most movies?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta?
Who is the author of Hamlet?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four's Thing.
Which of these are authors?
What were Babe Ruth's Christian names?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South?
What is a person called that likes fire?
What actor starred in 1980's Blue Lagoon, 1982's The Pirate Movie and 1983's A Night in Heaven?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to?
Who was Scrooge's dead partner in Dickens's A Christmas Carol?
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization, HUGO, that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide?
What is the real name of disc jockey "Wolfman Jack"?
Whose special bear's creator was born on January 18, 1779?
Who invented the paper clip?
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been?
What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments?
Who was Darth Vader's son?
Who did the Seven Mules block for?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage?
Who designed the Smirke Building of British Museum?
What celebrity couple, when going through a divorce, divided their toilet paper into two equal piles?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose?
What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States?
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 "Outstanding Mother Award" from the National Mother's Day Committee?
What English queen had six fingers on one hand?
Who invented the mercury thermometer?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear.
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of?
What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May, 1979?
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon?
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants?
What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963?
Who wrote the Farmer's Almanac?
What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world's most famous Greek?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell?
Who created Big Ben?
Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox?
What's Mrs. Bridges's job on TV's Upstairs, Downstairs?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV's Days of Our Lives?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary?
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May?
What comedian was The Perfect Fool?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson?
Who was Quetzalcoatl?
What famous coach said "if you can't beat 'em in the alley, you can't beat"em on the ice"?
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose?
Who invented volleyball?
What was the player's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king, the duke of Windsor?
Who is the sexiest women in the world?
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994?
Who is the richest person in the world, without owning a business?
Who is Stephen Hawking?
Who made the first gas engine?
Who gave us the "Rolling Writer"?
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania last year?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama?
What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen's body in 197?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West?
Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale?
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal?
Who was credited with saying: "I never met a man I did n't like"?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft?
Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana?
What U.S. Congressman said: "Keep the faith, baby".
Whose cupboard was bare?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz?
Who created the monster in Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein?
What is Rona Barrett's married name?
What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song, "Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May?"
What two historical figures, who fought each other in a famous battle, each have a food named after them?
Who is the prime minister in Norway?
What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide?
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo?
What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain?
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles?
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994?
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers?
Who invented basketball?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie, "The Godfather"?
What international organization was founded by Clara Barton?
Who was Picasso?
What singer sings "Oh Boy"?
Who are Woody Woodpecker's niece and nephew?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer?
Who's The King of Swing?
What president's ghost is said to haunt the White House?
What organization has a Security Council?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel?
Who were the Picts?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for?
What was William F. Cody's better-known name?
Who is the fastest guitarist?
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed?
What did Andy Hardy's father do for a living?
Who is the author
Who was Damocles?
Who's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren?
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines?
What organization is the Security Council a part of?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county?
What company makes impulse hardening equipment?
Who was Lacan?
Who invented the toothbrush?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929?
What's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams?
Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for?
What former president's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House?
Who invented the fax machine?
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era?
Who was Tiny Tim's father?
Name the creator of "The Muppets".
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged.
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan?
Who built the first pyramid?
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called?
Who made Stonehenge?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics.
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar?
Who wrote the Novel 'Pather Dabi'in Bengali?
Who is the Author of 'Around The World In Eighty Days'?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi?
Who is Henry Butler?
Who created the World Wide Web, WWW?
What English physician was born on January 18, 1779 and went on to create two important inventions?
Who is Desmond Tutu?
Who designed London Bridge?
Silly putty was invented by whom?
Whose old London come-on was: "Buy my sweet lavender"?
Who is Luke Skywalker's father?
What group included Abbey Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, and Tom Hayden?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council.
Who wrote this history book?
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco?
Who is Olive Oyl's brother?
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world?
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912?
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley.
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care?
What monarch signed the Magna Carta?
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for?
What are the names of Jack's original roommates on Three's Company?
What is the most popular last name?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau's two sons?
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by?
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $ 836 million?
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market?
What is the protagonist's name in Dostoevski's "The Idiot"?
What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification?
Who does the voices of the Simpsons?
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen.
Who produces Spumante?
Who is Mia Farrow's mother?
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor, later fired by Nixon?
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon?
Who wrote "Dubliners"?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas?
Who was the 16th President of the United States?
Who created Maudie Frickett?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk.
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show?
What Frenchman claimed the following? If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him. "
Name Dondi's adoptive grandfather.
Who made the first surfboard?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call "the shiest man I ever met"?
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby?
Name one of King Henry VIII's wives.
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder?
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja, Gaja, and Raja?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968?
Who is the author of the book 'Nineteen Eighty Four'?
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss?
Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation, Foundation and Empire, and Second Foundation?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power?
Who said "Give me liberty or give me death"?
Who says, "If you don't look good, we don't look good"?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language?
Who was Whitcomb Judson?
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones?
What character narrates Treasure Island?
Who was the Chola king under whose reign Brihadishwar Temple of Tanjore was constructed?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University?
Who is Nicolo Paganini?
What organization's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972?
Who's won the most Oscars for costume design?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
Who first broke the sound barrier?
Who sells Viagra?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt?
Who invented the lawnmower?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins?
What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother?
What actor and World War II airman had a $ 5, 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering?
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca?
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President?
What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men's clothing?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923?
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children?
Who sings the themes for "Dawson's Creek " and "Felicity"?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg?
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp?
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941's You 'll Never Get Rich?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living?
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight?
Who advised listeners to "see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet"?
Who is the most sexy celebrity?
Who is the leader of Brunei?
What radio, TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play?
Who was Confucius?
In Dana's "Two Years Before the Mast," what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego?
Who plays the cop in the movie "Kindergarten Cop"?
What is LMDS?
What does RCA stand for?
What does CNN stand for?
What does NECROSIS mean?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation?
What does IQ stand for?
What is SVHS?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus 'cross?
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington, D.C.?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation?
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for?
What does Ms., Miss, and Mrs. stand for?
What's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene?
What is a "USB" port on a computer?
What is the full name of the PLO?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for?
What is BPH?
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase "ZIP code"?
What does the channel ESPN stand for?
What does BUD stand for?
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter?
In a computer, what does SCSI mean?
CNN is an acronym for what?
What does BTU mean?
What does e.g. stand for?
What does EKG stand for?
What does snafu stand for?
What does the acronym CPR mean?
What does CPR stand for?
What does BMW stand for?
What do the letters CE stand for on so many products, particularly electrical, purchased now?
What is the abbreviation of General Motors?
What is IOC an abbreviation of?
What does G.M.T. stand for?
What is DSL?
What's the abbreviation for limited partnership?
What does the abbreviation cwt.?
What does IBM stand for?
What is RAM in the computer?
What is p.m. an abbreviation for, as in 5 p.m.?
What does VCR stand for?
What does NASDAQ stand for?
When reading classified ads, what does EENTY: other stand for?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for?
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for?
What does IOC stand for?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer?
What is HDLC?
What does "B.Y.O.B." mean?
What does NN O "mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames?
What does pH stand for?
What does JESSICA mean?
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency?
CNN is the abbreviation for what?
What does NAFTA stand for?
What does R.E.M. stand for, as in the rock group R.E.M.?
What does LOL mean?
What is the full form of.com?
What does SIDS stand for?
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation?
What does SHIELD stand for?
What does "PSI'stand for?
What is HTML?
CPR is the abbreviation for what?
What is RCD?
What is DTMF?
What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee?
What does MSG stand for?
What does NASA stand for?
What is SAP?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for?
What is the abbreviation of the company name "General Motors"?
What does HIV stand for?
What does the number "5" stand for on FUBU clothing?
What does S.O.S. stand for?
What does the "blue ribbon" stand for?
What does the word LASER mean?
What does the E stand for in the equation E = mc2?
What is DEET?
What does the "c" stand for in the equation E = mc2?
What is AFS?
What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot's name?
What is the abbreviation for micro?
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation?
What is Mikhail Gorbachev's middle initial?